ESPN fights for Kobe Bryant. Fish: As long as he has hands and feet, he will go to Sina Sports News on April 28, Beijing time. If we talk about the first round of the playoffs, the game between the Lakers and the Hornets can only see that the defending champion is not awesome. Another thing that can be seen is that public opinion and fans seem to have little trust in Kobe Bryant. ESPN columnist Dave McMillan specifically wrote about this lack of trust. What else is the outside world asking Kobe to do? In the fifth game, Kobe scored the team's highest 19 points in 28 minutes and also contributed two spectacular dunks. As a result, it was said by the outside world that he was faking injuries, which is really frustrating. In fact, just before the fifth game, several orthopedic experts expressed their opinions on Kobe's injury through radio and Weibo, demanding that Kobe immediately stop these dangerous movements, as even a slight mistake could potentially cause greater damage to his left ankle. As for the consequences, they will be unpredictable. But what did the tenacious Kobe bring in exchange?   What fans cannot see is that Kobe's ankle was constantly being treated with ice before and after the fifth game. I've been using ice and trying to do movements with my ankle, "Kobe said." So I can't guarantee sleep because my ankle has to keep moving, which is crucial. I absolutely can't let my ankle feel stiff and affect my playing. "Without strong willpower, Kobe couldn't lead the Lakers to the game point in Game 5. Unfortunately, habitual bias has once again been unfair to Kobe. We are trying to convince Kobe that undergoing a thorough examination is definitely not a bad idea. "After the training before Game 5, Phil Jackson talked about Kobe's stubbornness and competitiveness in an interview. Obviously, even big names like Zen Master cannot convince Kobe. I'm not a prophet, otherwise this round of the game would have ended long ago. However, I can still feel that Kobe will play a role in the game, especially when needed. He has always had that ability. Although I couldn't convince Kobe, the Zen master still has confidence in him. When it comes to Kobe's ankle injury, veteran Derek Fisher is also particularly concerned. "I tried to walk with him because everyone knows my pace is already very slow. Using me as a backdrop, people may not notice Kobe's ankle discomfort." Fisher was also kind-hearted. When it comes to Kobe's stubbornness, "no matter what, as long as he has two hands and two legs, he will definitely play basketball. In this regard, we trust him very much." Although there are doubts in public opinion, at least Kobe, who is injured, can still reassure his teammates, which is the most important thing. The extreme desire for victory is the reason for Kobe's success and the source of envy, jealousy, and hatred. However, after the fifth game against the Hornets, there should be no reason for the outside world to challenge Kobe anymore. After all, he is currently the only trusted Optimus Prime in Angel City. (XWT185)
Rondo is crazy! Despite being injured and daring to create an emperor, Pierce scored 14 points. Sina Sports News: On May 10th Beijing time, the Celtics welcomed their fourth game against the Heat at TD North Shore Garden. In this game, Green Shirts' main point guard Rajon Rondo still started with an injury, while the Heat's starting five Tigers have changed, with Joel Anthony replacing Big Z as the starting center. And one of the captains, Udonis Haslem, has completely recovered from injuries and is expected to make a substitute appearance in this game. Garnett caused Wade's foul as soon as he came up, hitting both free throws and giving the Celtics the first two runs. Bibi's layup was even more impressive, and O'Neal received a pass from Rondo and dunked it, followed by Rondo's layup. At 10 minutes and 17 seconds, Pierce made a strong breakthrough and also caused a foul by Bibi, completing a 2+1 and giving the Celtics a 9-2 start. At 9:56 in the first quarter, Wade took a mid-range shot and scored his first two points of the game. Bibi also made a jump shot, but Xiao Ao's layup was still in color. At 7 minutes and 37 seconds, James broke through and made a layup, which also caused a foul by Shaquille O'Neal, completing a 2+1. Then Bosh took a layup and scored two points, and the Heat equalized the score to 11-11. Both sides had a high opening efficiency, while the Celtics continued their good hand feel from the previous game while still maintaining sufficient enthusiasm. At 7 minutes and 18 seconds, Pierce hit a three pointer from an empty spot, while Rondo broke through and hit a layup again. In this game, Rondo played with his injured left arm and protective gear, but still played very bravely. At 5 minutes and 15 seconds, Garnett made a jump shot, followed by an attempt to layup a pass from Rondo, which was stopped by a foul from Chalmers. After KG made two free throws and one hit, the Celtics reached another 8-0 climax, taking a 19-11 lead. The Celtics' climax did not quickly widen the gap, and the Heat's counterattack efficiency was also very high. At 3 minutes and 51 seconds, Chalmers scored a three pointer, and then the Celtics made a pass mistake in the backcourt, which was intercepted by Chalmers. He then assisted James in a dunk, and the Heat quickly hit a 5-0 run, although the score difference was small. Rondo's breakthrough resulted in Chalmers committing a foul and making two free throws, while James' breakthrough also led to Shaquille O'Neal committing a foul and making two free throws. With a big Z-dunk, the Heat narrowed the score to only one point. In the first quarter of the game, at 2 minutes and 38 seconds, Pierce made a successful shot, but O'Neal immediately fouled Wade. In less than a minute, the Sharks committed two fouls on their backs. The Flash hit both free throws, and the Heat brought the score to 22-23. At 2 minutes and 7 seconds, Pierce took the ball and threw it away from the defense, attempting to make a dunk from behind. However, he was fouled and intercepted by Big Z, and Truth steadily made two free throws. At 1 minute and 35 seconds, James held the ball and tried to break through with a heavy shoulder. However, Rondo, who was playing with an injury, was already blocked in the Emperor's attacking line. As a result, James knocked Rondo down and committed an offensive foul. Rondo dared to hit James with the ball in this situation, which is truly brave. Pierce's two free throws gave the Celtics another 5-point lead, but James' free throws continued to take color, with West scoring a layup and James scoring two points with a layup. At 24.3 seconds, Pierce made a strong run, and James' final attack in 2.5 seconds left the Heat trailing 28-31 by 3 points at the end of the first quarter. (carry)
Despite scoring 11 points in 6 games, the Atlanta Hawks still eliminated you. As the saying goes, it's never too late for a gentleman to seek revenge. The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Orlando Magic 84-81 and eliminated their opponents 4-2, avenging last year's sweep. This process may not be exhilarating, but the result is definitely worth celebrating. Last year in the Eastern Conference semifinals, the Magic averaged a net difference of 25.3 points over the Hawks in 4 games, truly achieving a 'sweep'. Joe Johnson was also booed by home fans. After the game, the 'Eagle King' who lost and lost again told the media with a gloomy expression, 'I don't care about this (booing), my face is much thicker than you imagine.'. After a year, Johnson has now become a hero of the Hawks, and this time he was greeted with applause that could ignite the stadium. How did the eagle achieve a fierce counterattack in just one year? They fired Mike Woodson, who could win several more games every year, and handed over the leadership to Larry Drew. To be fair, Drew's coaching performance so far cannot be said to be perfect. The Hawks' performance in the second half of the season has fluctuated greatly, and their use of force in the second game of the Magic has raised many doubts in the industry. Compared to the change of the head coach, the careful operation of the management team is more worthy of praise. Firstly, the team followed the way the Celtics defended Dwight Howard with Kendrick Perkins last year and started Jason Collins later in the season. This gentleman has a muscular physique and is better at stealing than blocking blocks. He is proficient in the fake fall technique of "18 drops in clothing". His strength is not inferior to Howard's, and his trait of being faster than his feet is tailor-made for Warcraft's tendency to make mistakes. No wonder ESPN also joked and suggested that the Hawks sign their twin brother Jaren Collins next season. Collins and Zaza Pachulia played as centers, and Al Horford, who was of average height, was able to return to his more accustomed position as a power forward. He is the most efficient player in the Hawks, and there is a big difference between playing 25 minutes or 35 minutes per game. The team's use of signings to increase the number five position configuration is also a form of liberation and protection for core players. 07 Tanhua is no longer plagued by fouls from defending against Warcraft, and being able to stay on the field is progress. The next change is the mid season clearance of Mike Bibi, who had poor defense, and the acquisition of Cork Sinridge from Washington. The Hawks' recruitment policy is based on the winning mode - there are no super top stars in the team, so at least everyone must play their corresponding abilities and there should be no obvious loopholes on the field; The next step is to grasp several details of attack and defense, and strive to 'grind' the victory into the bag. Specifically in this series, the difference in points also speaks volumes. In the four wins of the Hawks, except for a 10 point difference in the first game, the remaining three games were 4 points, 3 points, and 3 points, respectively. Despite the Hawks advancing 4-2, they still scored 11 points less than the Magic in their 6 games combined! On the one hand, this also indicates that compared to the Magic, the Hawks do not have the advantage of shooting Hawks last year. It is very correct to place hope on improving details and winning through the execution of the last few rounds. Among several key players, Joe Johnson and Jamal Crawford have good scoring records, but their shooting percentage is not particularly impressive. The interesting thing here is that Johnson and Crawford have average ability to seize attacking opportunities, but their ability to create attacking opportunities is top-notch. At the end of the game, even if these two missed the whole game, they were able to ignore the defensive formation and pull up a few shots for you (represented by Crawford's long-range shot in the fourth game). In contrast, Magic's perimeter team does not have this ability, and Howard's interior team is too easily influenced by the defensive environment. Overall, despite the fact that the Hawks have narrowly won three out of four promotions this year, there are many inevitable factors involved. They may not be much stronger than the Magic, but 'being able to do a little better' is enough to help the team advance. This slight advantage was obtained through a year of hard work, and the meticulous operation of the Eagle management team deserves praise. (Abdul Cat)
Deep Insight Observation: Non star players are not to be disturbed in the playoffs, and civilian teams cannot escape the tragedy of nuclear neutrality. Sina Sports News: Non star players are not to be disturbed 1-4, 1-4, 1-4. Faced with star studded playoff opponents, civilian teams such as the Pacers, 76ers, and Nuggets have reached the same goal. Facing the awkward situation of 0-3, several civilian team coaches still maintain the tough tone of a daring team. Vogel's words are both soft and hard. "No team has been able to turn the tables with a 0-3 deficit, but we will try to create miracles. The series is not over yet," Doug Collins calmly sold optimism. The first fire of Walker, the new coach of the Pacers, upon taking office was the pirated Boston offensive system, which advocated for the selfless concept of sharing ball ownership and opening up space, emphasizing the quick transfer of the ball. The Celtics' videos during training classes became Vogel's preferred teaching material. Granger lost his unlimited firing rights as a result, and some of his ammunition reserves were assigned to other players. Vogel encouraged the perimeter musketeers to bolt their guns while also emphasizing the restraint of the interior. As a result, Hansbrough was thrown into the microwave to thaw, while Hibbert was often given the responsibility of attacking the interior. The Pacers transformed from an exterior musketeers team in the past two years to a reliable team that combines interior and exterior. Pacers point guard Collison said, "We are playing an equal opportunity attack, and no one can predict who will become the terminator because many players can create opportunities." In addition, Vogel also serves as a psychotherapist, supporting Collison's decisive attack and encouraging first-year rookie Paul George to take on more responsibility. In the locker room, he uses various successful cases to complete psychological suggestions - watching the movie "Rocky 2" and prominently marking the list of the NFL's best sideguards on the small blackboard - in terms of motivating players, Vogel is not like a clumsy rookie at all. Last season, Eddie Jordan used a series of crazy experiments to turn Philadelphia into a saline alkali land. This season's poor start of 3 wins and 13 losses seems to indicate that Collins will continue the tragic fate of his predecessor. Faced with the mess, the old man reignited the 76ers' desire for victory with his roar and roars. As Holliday said, "He was as patient and gentle as a father to his son, teaching us how to defend, pass the ball, and shoot." Balanced offense became the 76ers' hit song, and Brand was almost the worst scoring team in the league with an average of only 15 points per game. In addition to him, the 76ers had 5 people scoring in double, and Hoys and Turner both scored 7.2 points. Iguodala has elevated his position as the top scorer, exuding the aura of an all-around emperor with an average of 14.1 points, 5.8 rebounds, and 6.3 assists per game. The 76ers have become a unique player in the league with two passers averaging over 6 assists per game. Collins advocates the carrot and stick approach to team management, and the competitive onboarding mechanism deeply stimulates 76ers players to strive for excellence. Brand said, "The coach's attitude is very clear, whether it is young players or veterans, they must compete for playing time. He lets us know that there is never a pie in the sky." Rivers pushed Collins to be elected as the best coach of the year, and his argument was simple. With a lineup adjustment that was better than nothing, the 76ers' record improved from 27 wins to 41 wins. Unlike the previous two, this season Karl experienced a scene transition from superstar mode to civilian structure. In the post Anthony era, countless people waited for the Nuggets to repeat the story of the Cavaliers yesterday, but they did not expect Karl to stage a scene of a different village. The lineup has changed from short to tall, the players have changed from old to young, the pace has changed from slow to fast, the bench depth has changed from shallow to deep, and the Nuggets have undergone a revolutionary change. Karl was excited and even didn't know who to send the sideline ball to. "This is the deepest lineup I have coached the Nuggets since I coached them. I have 12-14 players who can play, and this is a sweet annoyance." After the trade, the Nuggets' chemistry exploded, and their defensive strength greatly increased. On the offensive end, the Nuggets still continue the glorious tradition of running and shooting, and the atmosphere of equality among everyone makes all players strive to be the best, entering a virtuous cycle. Melo averaged 3 points per game with the Denver Nuggets, but Melo left and the Nuggets averaged 10 points per game. The secret to the Nuggets' rise to fifth place in the Western Conference is their relentless offensive firepower and increased defensive strength. Martin proudly boasted, "Basketball is played by five people." In the absence of a superstar, the tragedy of the Nuggets is that the three coaches polished and waxed the team with strategies to enhance defensive enthusiasm and focus on team cards. However, it cannot be denied that, on the basis of fully tapping into their potential, the Pacers, Diggers, and 76ers only squeezed their positions in the lower half, facing playoff opponents with superstars, their situation was somewhat embarrassing. Most of the time, the Pacers have provided other teams with a perfect example of defending against Rose, guarding against breakthroughs and allowing him to shoot, increasing resistance in the interior, fiercely decisive in the pack, and the under basket meat grinder ready to allow the potential MVP to experience free fall at any time. Ross's shooting accuracy is somewhat dismal, with a shooting percentage of 37.1% and a three-point shooting percentage of 21.6%. Free throws have become the main weapon for scoring, accompanied by an average of 6 assists per game and 3.8 high turnovers. However, the bulletproof vest produced by Indiana cannot withstand all bullets. In the fourth quarter of the first game, the Bulls launched a 16-1 counterattack, with Kovar's three-point comeback benefiting from Ross's breakthrough run; In the second game, Ross secured the victory with two free throws at the last minute; In the third game, Ross scored a near kill by diving straight into the basket, and Noah called him the best terminator in the world. At moments of life and death, Ross repeatedly stabbed the opponent's arteries and heart with his own strength, but the Pacers were unable to make a strong counterattack. In the third game, Granger missed the opportunity to turn the tide. "We still lack experience, and when the game reaches a critical moment, we cannot show the necessary execution ability." In fact, Vogel had already foreseen the fate of the Pacers at the beginning of his tenure, because this team has 8 players with less than 3 years of experience. "Our team is too young and relies more on the leadership ability of core players than any other team." And the experience of leading the team in the past few years is enough to prove that Granger is at best a good embryo for second in command. It cannot be denied that in the fourth game to save face, the Pacers faced the Winged Son of Wind, although Ross did not want to use his foot injury as an excuse. After the end of the game, Pacers coach Vogel made a closing statement for the series, saying, "The biggest challenge is that the Bulls can always see their moves, and the pressure caused by Ross has changed the way we play." If the Heat were described as a high budget blockbuster led by the three major actors, the 76ers would be a complete grassroots production team. The veteran Brand, who has been in the industry for 12 years, has just embarked on his second playoff journey. Teammate Teddy Yang's praise is obviously somewhat self defeating. "As a great player, Brand certainly needs to play in the playoffs a few more times," but even though he is not of the same species as the parallel agent Kwame Brown, the aging Brand cannot dilute the 76ers' commoners. Appearance. Before the playoffs began, the Temple University Sports Research Center conducted a survey, and the vast majority of voters believed that playing against the Miami Heat was a sign down. Only 35% of fans believed that the 76ers could make it to the second round, while 88% of fans believed that the 76ers had exceeded their target. The eyes of the fans are sharp, and this civilian 76ers is almost impossible to set a stumbling block for the Heat. Their tenacious defense cannot avoid the dilemma of holding down the gourd and starting the ladle, and their offense cannot hit the Heat's seven inch mark. The Heat continues the main theme of the Big Three playing the world and others playing soy sauce, with an average of 66 points and 25 free throws per game, as well as the characteristic of taking turns to take over games, which is enough to destroy a civilian team like the 76ers. The 10 man rotation is ironclad evidence that the new Nuggets are all in the playoffs. However, while Denver players are playing high, they find that they cannot handle Durant and Westbrook at all. Regarding the technical challenge of how to guard Durant, Carl and Martin even have differences. The fact proves that such business discussions have little significance. Durant played at a level significantly better than the regular season, which turned the Nuggets' proud defense at the end of the regular season into a paper tiger. The misjudgment in the first game was clearly not the main factor affecting the fate of the Nuggets. In the final moments, their two crucial attacks were a mess, and the classic advertising slogan was well-known: "Don't shoot by yourself, give it to the captain." However, Martin's jump shot was like performance art, and Philton's three-point shot was also somewhat nonsensical. In such a life and death moment, don't Denver people miss Cameron? You should know that he is one of the guys with the highest shooting accuracy in recent years. In the last 5 minutes of the fifth game, Durant used various shooting techniques to sieve the Nuggets' defense, scoring 16 points and almost single handedly reversing the game, interpreting the superstar effect in the simplest and roughest way possible, sending the Denver Nuggets home. Wilson Chandler was convinced and said, "Durant hit too many shots, he could make a shot whenever needed." As Harrington said, the Nuggets will not become the Cavaliers of the West. This team, jokingly called the Stray Dogs by General Manager Mark Wolkenton, only needs Karl to throw a few meatballs to avoid a disappointing fate, but they are also destined not to become the 2007-2010 version of the Cavaliers and reach a place closer to the O'Brien Cup. The regular season is an inspirational message board for civilian teams, while the playoffs are a show for superstars. History is enough to prove everything. In the 1986-1987 season, Ramsey took over the Pacers. Despite having second place Tisdale in 1985 and number four Chuck Persson in 1987, there is no doubt that this is an unbeatable civilian team. None of the players on the team have been selected for the All Star or All Star teams in their professional careers, nor have they received any personal honors. The unknown lineup undoubtedly added legendary color, from 26 wins to 41 wins, Ramsey transformed into a savior who turned stones into gold. However, facing the Hawks led by Wilkins, their miracle came to an end. The following year, the Pacers, whose lineup had not undergone major surgery, bid farewell to the playoffs.   In the first round of the playoffs, the energetic Heat almost turned the Hawks into roosters, leading with a 2-1 lead. However, in the last two games of the season, All Star Brelock saved the Hawks, once again proving that a skinny camel is bigger than a horse. After kicking the chubby baby Curry out of Chicago, the Bulls became a completely civilian team. The 2005-2006 season was dominated by young players like Xinrich, Gordon, and Lorient Deng, whose scoring data was like an arithmetic progression. Gordon had 16.9 points, Xinrich had 15.9 points, Deng had 14.3 points, and Noccioni had 13 points. The populist Bulls did not shoulder the heavy responsibility of Chicago's revival. In the first round of the playoffs, they were jointly strangled by O'Neal and Wade, becoming the first underdog in the Heat's championship journey. The Pistons in 2004 was the only successful case, but it is undeniable that they are no longer the traditional civilian team. Big Ben has put on an all-star jacket, and has been elected DPOY for two consecutive years. Rasheed has become famous for a long time. Billups was elected FMVP and his career after that also shows that he was seriously underestimated that year, but compared with the super luxurious F4 of the Lakers, they are really ground beetle. The friction of OK and the absence of Malone objectively paved the way for Detroit people. Detroit's blue collar tradition and Larry Brown's philosophy of prioritizing the system have left a mark of populism on the Pistons. However, being knocked out by the Spurs in 2005 and ravaged by the Heat in 2006 is enough to prove that teams with distinct superstar characteristics have more tenacious vitality. Pistons broke the ice in a unique way, but almost destroyed the successful mold, making them an unparalleled masterpiece that is difficult to replicate. It is worth mentioning that all of the above teams have escaped civilian mode. In the 1986-1987 season, after the Pacers were short-lived, Reggie Miller dominated Indiana, and the greatest shooter in history led the team to the NBA Finals in 2000; After taking office in the 1995-1996 season, Riley exploded the civilian mode and traded for Mourning. In 2006, he extradited O'Fat to win his first championship, and in 2010, he cleverly formed the Big Three. Riley always believed in the truth that superstars bring championships; In 2007, Kobe Bryant was a bloodless player who caused the Bulls to collapse with just a transfer rumor, while it was the 2008 top scorer Ross who reignited the Chicago people's desire to win the championship; In 2008, the Pistons also caught up with the trend and brought in Iverson, although it was an unsuccessful gamble. It is difficult for a team that insists on populism to take it to the next level. Since Allen Iverson's departure, the 76ers have never welcomed a superstar of a similar level. They have never broken through the first round siege, which has left Philadelphia fans with bloodshot eyes to dig up videos from 2001 or even earlier to vent their anger; In the 2009 Western Conference semifinals, the Rockets, who lost Yao Ming, entered civilian mode. Bu Kexin led the team to rise up and only received the four big words of glory even though they lost. Subsequently, the civilian oriented Rockets became the Western Conference's ninth team for two consecutive years, and Morey could only shamelessly claim that the Rockets were the strongest civilian team in history. At the end of the 2004 NBA Finals, Stern recited his award speech with emotion: "The Pistons proved that as long as you work hard, you can perform a classic fairy tale in the NBA. ”Isn't it a bit funny to promote fairy tales in the adult world? Admit it, basketball is indeed a five player game, but 99% of success belongs to teams with superstars. Attitude and hard work are essential in the playoffs, but superstars always have the power to determine the outcome of a game. As George Karl said, "You can win a game in 25 different ways, but if you want to win a championship, there is only one way, and that is through the stars." This is a fate that 99.9% of civilian teams cannot compete with. No matter how tenacious their resilience is, teams with superstars will eventually sound the death knell for them. (Jin Sihui)
Guangdong won a stunning victory over Shandong in the first half, with Chen Jianghua's key flash stabilizing the team's position. Facing Shandong, who had just lost to Urumqi, Guangdong Dongguan Bank won a big game with a score of 129-92 last night thanks to their attacking frenzy in the second half. When the whole team was once in a scoring drought, Chen Jianghua took on the responsibility of organizing the team, attacking and scoring, and became the most dazzling star. Lu Jun's winning streak award of 960000 yuan against Shandong team was the most insightful for defending champions. In the 2015 CBA league, the two teams faced each other 39 times, with Guangdong winning 31 games and only losing 8 games. The last time Shandong team defeated Guangdong Hongyuan away was back in the 2001-2002 season 10 years ago. At that time, Shandong team was behind in the first three quarters, but eventually won by reversing with a score of 112-101. At the home ground of Guangdong team, Shandong team has suffered 11 consecutive losses. But now is different from the past. The South China Tigers have shown a significant decline in their form this season, with foreign players having been less than satisfactory. New and old national players such as Zhu Fangyu, Wang Shipeng, and Du Feng have been plagued by injuries and have lost 7 games so far. Especially in the last round of visiting Xinjiang, they suffered a complete defeat, coupled with the 13 hour long journey back home, the players' physical reserves were insufficient. Shandong team has won four consecutive games, especially defeating Beijing and Xinjiang teams at home. Their morale is soaring, and the prize money for four consecutive games has risen to 480000 yuan. If they can defeat Guangdong team, the prize money will reach 960000 yuan for the first time! The huge gap between advance and retreat has made the battle between the two teams one of the focal points of this round of CBA. In the first half, the two teams were extremely deadlocked and the score remained tied. The most eye-catching thing on the field is not the players, but the Guangdong team head coach Li Chunjiang who has been standing on the sidelines and constantly shouting: Ren Junfei did not strangle the position, allowing the opponent to grab a rebound from the backcourt - "Rebound! Find someone; Guangdong team had two hits and one fast break, and Zhou Peng actually made a pass mistake - stomping his foot fiercely and cursing out the Three Character Classic; Facing opponents who were much shorter than himself, Wang Zheng failed to grab a rebound in the front court - "Can you be a bit harder?" Huazai stabilized the team's position. After halftime, Guangdong team made significant improvements in both offense and defense, and the key to opening the score was Chen Jianghua's play. Hudson and Wang Shipeng's several "wave shots" at the beginning of the third quarter allowed Shandong team to counterattack successfully, and their advantage of 71-67, which was once leading by double digits, disappeared instantly. At this moment, Chen Jianghua scored three points, stabilizing the entire team's formation; Then he assisted Marcus in three pointers; One minute later, he broke through again with speed and scored another three pointer for Marcus! After three quarters, the Guangdong team extended their lead to 16 points again, and the victory was determined. Chen Jianghua played for 26 minutes, scoring 15 points, 6 rebounds, 5 assists, and 2 steals with comprehensive statistics. Li Chunjiang, who always cherishes words like gold, also gave praise after the game: "He only resumed training in the summer and has been very serious in training. He put in a lot of effort on the field and played very well in these games, playing his due role." Other results of this round: Shanxi won 114-100 against Liaoning, Shanghai won 107-98 against Jilin, Jiangsu lost 103-113 to Xinjiang, Bayi won 107-104 against Beijing, Foshan lost 99-108 to Zhejiang, Fujian lost 109-110 to Qingdao, and Guangxia won 123-105 against Tianjin. Reporter from Yangcheng Evening News, Zhou Fangping (from Zhongshan)
With only 8 games left in the league, the Sharks are gradually moving away from the playoffs. The Shanghai team has never taken a lead throughout the entire game. The gap always hovers between 5 and 10 points. Although Lucas scored five goals in a row in the second quarter, narrowing the gap to two points, the stronger home team quickly stabilized the situation and laughed until the end. The other focus of this game is undoubtedly Abbas, a foreign player for the Beijing team who played for the Sharks last year. Before the game, Deng Huade described the Jordanian as "a great player, it would be great to see him again." However, Abbas' performance did not make Deng Huade happy. The Jordanian, who did not occupy the foreign aid quota, scored 23 points and grabbed 14 rebounds in 41 minutes, setting the record for the Beijing team. Harris scored 29 points for the Shanghai team, while Lucas and Liu Wei scored 18 and 17 points respectively. After losing the 'Heavenly King Mountain Battle', Shanghai's ranking dropped to 11th place. As head coach Deng Huade said, 'We will try our best to fight for it, but the initiative is no longer in our hands.'
ESPN's latest shocking trade rumor suggests that Yao Ming may hold hands with the Celtics and Knicks. Sina Sports News: Due to the constraints of labor negotiations, all NBA teams, including the Rockets, find it difficult to start their own "hunting" plans in the free agent market. Free agents whose contracts expire this summer, including Yao Ming, are currently in an awkward situation where they are unable to keep up. The latest rumor from ESPN reveals that three teams, including the Boston Celtics, New York Knicks, and Golden State Warriors, are interested in Yao Ming, but there is currently no deep communication between teams or between teams and Yao Ming. ESPN believes that although Yao Ming has been sidelined almost all season due to injury, the heights he has reached in the past are still nostalgic. Even if he cannot reach the heights of a few years ago, at least there is a shadow of a few years ago. Such strength is still highly sought after in today's NBA interior. In today's world where the interior has become a scarce resource, it is not surprising that teams maintain a certain level of attention towards such an all-star center, even though he missed nearly two years of games due to injury. Will the Celtics and Knicks launch an attack on Yao Ming? The Knicks do not have outstanding starting centers. After having three All Star level guard forwards, Chauncey Billups, Cameron Anthony, and Amare Stoudemire, New York really needs a giant umbrella to cover the sky in the penalty area. The Celtics and Knicks have some similarities. Shaquille O'Neal is likely to announce his retirement, and the Celtics have traded Kendrick Perkins to the Thunder. The position of the main center seems to urgently need to find a player with enough strength to fit in. ESPN stated that at this critical juncture, the above two prospects may seem somewhat irrelevant, but they are not necessarily impossible to discuss. In addition, Jinzhou, located in the Bay Area, has many Asian and Chinese people. This city has always welcomed Yao Ming. Indeed, signing Yao Ming involves certain risks. Even Yao Ming himself does not deny this. Yao Ming personally stated on a domestic TV program that if his Shanghai team wants to sign a player who was previously strong but hasn't played in two years, as the owner, he also needs to carefully consider it. Yao Ming also said that a person's career is not just about winning championships. Champions are sometimes something that can be encountered but not sought after. Players like Marlon and Stockton are great players loved by fans, but they have never won a championship either. It can be seen that Yao Ming has placed himself in the right position. Whether it's staying on the team or transferring, whether it's a pay cut or signing a big contract, Yao Ming will make the best plan for his future life. (Tian Huang)
The Lakers' commanding officer was heavily criticized by the Zen master on the sidelines, and there was really no way to defend against whoever scored. Sina Sports News: On May 7th, Beijing time, the Lakers lost their 8-point advantage in the last 5 minutes and lost 92-98 to the Mavericks on the road. They fell behind 0-3 in the second round of the playoffs. Unless a miracle is created, it will be difficult to continue their defense. Where is Gasol? Where is Gasol? After the second game of the series ended, Lakers fans even posted a missing person notice for Gasol on Sina Weibo. This is not a satire, but rather an expectation that Gasol can quickly regain his form, perform at his normal level, and help the Lakers overcome adversity. However, fans' expectations ultimately did not come true, and in this crucial third game, Gasol still failed to perform in the form he had shown in the regular season. In fact, the Lakers didn't have no chance of winning. It wasn't until 34 seconds left in the fourth quarter that the Lakers were only 2 points behind their opponents. At this time, Stojakovic made a right wing jump shot, and the ball bounced out of the basket. Gasol jumped high and grabbed the rebound with both hands, but as soon as the ball landed in his hands, he lost his center of gravity in the opponent's collision and fell straight out of bounds. As he fell to the ground, the ball slipped out of his hands and was regained by the Mavericks. Although Gasol fell to the ground and opened his hands to signal a foul on the opponent's hand, the referee ignored it. After losing this rebound, the Lakers also lost their most important opportunity to chase points. They had to resort to foul tactics, which ultimately led to the victory of the game falling into the hands of the Mavericks. A chance for victory passed through Gasol's fingertips like this. Regarding Gasol's performance in this game, head coach Phil Jackson had already shown dissatisfaction since the first half. During the two pauses in the second quarter, Phil Jackson walked up to Gasol first, punched his chest with a single punch to show encouragement, and continuously guided his playing style on the field. Because the Zen master was very clear at this moment that in order for the Lakers to make a comeback, Gasol must showcase his abilities. Unfortunately, the encouragement from the Zen master did not wake Gasol up. In the second half, Gasol still couldn't find his form, and the angry Zen master once cursed at him during the pause in the second half. In the crucial fourth quarter, Gasol was substituted again with just over six minutes left in the game. His first defense was completely blocked in Nowitzki's face, but the King of Knots still threw the ball in front of him. In the second defense, Baria broke through directly from the center, and Gasol's supplementary defense couldn't keep up with his pace. Baria took an early shot against Gasol and hit the ball into the basket. The game seems to have entered a vicious circle, with Gasol defending against whoever enters. In the fourth quarter, with 5 minutes and 6 seconds left, Gasol hit a difficult backhand jump shot from the free throw line, which made his score just over double. However, when he turned around, Nowitzki threw a three pointer from the outside, completely extinguishing his aura. In the following attack, Gasol was playing a one-on-one with his back in the interior. The ball was cut by a player who came in from the defense, and he stumbled and made a jump shot from the outside. The ball bounced out of the basket. Thus, Gasol's confidence was once again destroyed. This season, Gasol averaged 18.8 points, 10.2 rebounds, and 3.3 assists per game, and has always played the core role of the team's offense, serving as the axis connecting the inside and outside lines. Especially during the days when Andrew was injured, Gasol was the one to shoulder the heavy burden of the interior. In the series against the Mavericks, Gasol's form is indeed not good. He clearly lacks confidence in the attack and has not shown his true strength. Now, the Lakers are in a desperate situation of trailing 0-3, and if they want to perform a miraculous comeback, they still have to rely on Gasol to wake up from his sleep quickly. [Sina NBA Official Weibo] [Sina NBA Lakers News Dynamic Weibo] [Technical Statistics] [Exciting Replay] [Game Record] (Baby)
Whose team is the Magic Eagles? Don't forget they also have Crawford reporter Zhou Chao reporting. Whose team is the Hawks? Crawford should be among the candidates. The regular season was full of ups and downs, and Crawford was heavily criticized. It wasn't until the playoffs that this cold-blooded killer suddenly exploded, contributing over 20 points in the first four games and averaging 20.5 points in all six games. Especially in the fourth quarter, his role and value far surpass Joe Johnson's. The reason why the Hawks eliminated the Magic is that Crawford took the lead. Nowadays, the opponent has changed from the Magic to the Bulls. To defeat this rising youth army, one must defeat Ross, who has almost secured the regular season MVP. For Crawford, the challenge instantly escalates. Whether the Eagles, who are already weak, can successfully "bullfight" depends on whether Crawford can continue his heroic form in the first round. Bravery>>; For over 20 consecutive games, surpassing Manu. "He's really different. Entering the playoffs, I feel his strong desire for victory, which is a very good signal," said Larry Drew, the head coach of the Hawks, when talking about Crawford. This is what he said after the fourth game against the Magic. Crawford scored 25 points in that game, and 5.7 seconds before the end of the game, he hit a three-point shot, helping the Hawks secure the game point 3-1. How terrifying is Crawford? In the first round against the Magic, he contributed 20+in the first four games, surpassing Ginobili to become the only substitute player in NBA playoff history to contribute 20+in four consecutive games (Ginobili had contributed 20+in three consecutive games in 2008). In Joe Johnson's eyes, Crawford's form in the playoffs was truly outstanding. After every game, I believe the opponent will focus on studying defensive strategies against him, "Joe Johnson said confidently after the third game with the Magic." But in the game, the opponent can only sigh, and then at the press conference, they will say, 'This damn guy is really hard to defend.' This is Jamal (Crawford), and no one can easily restrict him. How important is Crawford? The Hawks' record this season has been mediocre, largely due to Crawford's injury troubles. He has been persevering, but his form has been greatly affected. It wasn't until after the All Star Game that Crawford gradually overcame his injury crisis, ultimately leading to a big playoff breakout. In fact, my body feels great now, which ensures that I give it my all from start to finish, "Crawford said." Especially in those critical moments, I have absolute confidence because I never doubt my own strength. "Upon hearing Crawford's words, Drew was very pleased, feeling that after defeating the Magic, the Eagles' morale is currently high. He ignited the team's fighting spirit and boosted the morale of his teammates, "Drusing praised Crawford; On April 28th local time, the Eagles defeated the Magic 84-81, advancing with a total score of 4-2. In that battle, Joe Johnson contributed 23 points, 10 rebounds, and 4 assists, showing a great form. But when faced with a wave of praise from the outside world, Joe Johnson changed his tone and said, "Without Jamal, we wouldn't have been able to win the game." Joe Johnson was referring to the fourth quarter, when the Magic were catching up and watching as they were about to turn the tables, Crawford stepped forward. In this quarter, he hit two crucial three-point shots and scored 8 points in a single quarter. He played better than Joe Johnson in critical moments, and Drew also believed in this. In those moments of life and death, his performance always gives people peace of mind, "Drew said." This is a necessary quality for an excellent player, and Jamal has done a great job in this regard. "As a pitcher, Crawford often falls short in the first three quarters, but always manages to shine in the final quarter. In the first round, apart from the dreamlike fifth game, Crawford averaged 7.6 points per game in the fourth quarter of the five games, especially the fatal three pointer in the crucial moment of the fourth game, which proves his killer nature. During the game, Crawford often takes shots in the area two or three steps away from the three-point line. This is my style, "Crawford said." When I feel my hand is hot, I have the confidence to throw that kind of ball, and many times I can make it. "This really makes it difficult for opponents to defend against. Facing the powerful Bulls, Crawford must do his best to showcase his attacking power against Ross, forcing him to devote more energy to defense. In a sense, this is the key to the Hawks' victory. He's the kind of player who can make you dazzled, "Josh Smith firmly believed that Crawford could do it." His playing style is very fierce, and I'm his fan. "Despite that, defeating the Bulls and Rose is not easy. Before the big battle, Crawford maintained his usual low profile. They are very strong, already the top team in this league, "Crawford said." Every game will be very difficult, but we have confidence. As long as we unite as one, I believe we have the strength to defeat them - just like in the first round, no one favored us, but we still defeated the Magic. Why can't we do it now
Chou Qi: My dream is to enter the NBA at the age of 15, with a height of 2.15 meters, wearing the No. 13 jersey of the same number as Yao Ming. In the just concluded Türkiye International Youth Basketball Invitational, with an average score of 20.9 points, 10.3 rebounds and 5.4 blocked shots, Zhou Qi ranks first, second and third in the blocked list of this game. This talented basketball teenager is Zhou Qi from Liaoning Youth Team.   Although young, his gaze is resolute, and although his figure is thin, his footsteps are agile. In no time, the head coach of Liaoning U16 youth team, Wu Qinglong, gathered all the players together for a joint training. About half an hour later, after the training ended, Zhou Qi, who appeared very low-key, accepted an interview with reporters. The sudden attention is not very suitable. "There are many reports about me in the media now, but I really don't want to say it. I haven't achieved much yet. After returning to China, various phone calls have been made, most of which are for interviews. It's really uncomfortable." At the age of 15, Zhou Qi has to deal with such great honor and pressure. Can she hold on? "Fortunately, I think pressure is the driving force to promote my progress." Zhou Qi was still excited when talking about the brilliant Türkiye invitational tournament, "although this is only an invitational tournament, the gold content is still high. Among the ten participating teams, China and Iran are from Asia, and the rest are strong European teams. This competition is also a training opportunity for each team to participate in next year's World Youth Championships. Such a rare opportunity must be treasured and played well." Zhou Qi's most memorable game is not a narrow victory over the host Türkiye in the final, but a fight with Germany in the semi-final. "It was really hard to play that game. The German players are world famous for their tenacity, but our style is not inferior to them. We are very happy to win in the end." Clever Zhou Qi not only remembers winning, but also pays attention to the opponents on the field during the game. For example, a center in Germany is very tough, while the center in Türkiye is very solid. After the game, Zhou Qi will memorize the performance of the opponents, absorb their strengths, and enrich their training. Zhou Qi's breakthrough this time was 15 blocks in the semi-finals. Regarding his sealing technique, Zhou Qi believes that "I do pay attention to this aspect of training in my daily life. In addition to height and jumping, it is also important to judge the timing of my shots. That game really showed my best form." Zhou Qi will have two personal coaches who will give him the impression of being slender and tall at first glance. Zhou Qi introduced that due to his thin body and weak strength, he has been conducting systematic strength training since this year. Now, he has three strength classes every week, mainly focusing on small strength training. He uses a 60 kilogram barbell to do deep squats, and can do three sets of 10 each. A 40 kilogram bench press barbell is also done in three groups of 10 times. Interspersed with some small muscle training and sprinting runs, Zhou Qi's training schedule is very systematic. Persisting in doing strength also brings rewards. In the semi-finals of the invitation tournament against the German team, Zhou Qi scored three consecutive extra hours and won to the end. The opponents in this invitation tournament are quite strong, especially against the German team. Their 12th player has particularly good physical fitness, and it's a bit difficult to compete against him. They still need to practice hard when they come back, "Zhou Qi said.   We hope that Waller can come to our youth team as Zhou Qi's physical fitness coach after the end of this season's league with Panpan team. After Panpan team returns to Shenyang after this round of away games, we will discuss this issue. In addition, we will also hire a technical and tactical training coach for Zhou Qi to provide comprehensive training in both technical and physical aspects. ”My dream is to enter the NBA. When I mention Zhou Qi, many people associate him with Yao Ming and see him as his successor.   ”Zhou Qi said. A journalist once asked him if his future goal was to replace Yao Ming or Wang Zhizhi and become the next one? Privately, Zhou Qi has also seriously considered this issue. Soldiers who do not want to be generals are not good soldiers. "My dream is of course to play well, enter the national team, and have the opportunity to enter the highest hall of basketball in the NBA in the future. I chose number 13 not because it is Yao Ming's jersey number for the national team, but because it is the number of my first jersey. I believe that any excellent player is not spoken out, but played out. Just remember this. ”At the age of 15, Zhou Qi had already grown to 2.15 meters, and many people asked if Zhou Qi's height would surpass Yao Ming's. Regarding this, Wu Qinglong said, "In 2010, Zhou Qi grew 10 centimeters, and bone age tests showed that he would continue to grow taller. However, it's really hard to say whether he could surpass Yao Ming." Several clubs had already crossed the threshold when Zhou Qi was still at Fuxin Basketball School, hoping to get his team. However, due to the agreement signed between the basketball school and Liaoning Sports Bureau, the good talents of the school were selected by Liaoning team first. In 2009, Zhou Qi's relationship transferred from basketball school to Liaoning Provincial Sports Bureau, but CBA clubs did not give up their pursuit of him. Several teams in Shanghai, Dongguan, and Guangdong had applied to Liaoning Sports Bureau. According to an insider from Liaoning Basketball Management Center, all teams have put a lot of effort into pursuing Zhou Qi. One team that came to negotiate directly said, 'You just need to set a price. After setting a price, everything else is negotiable.'; There is another club that directly contacted Zhou Qi's parents and promised to use the team's relationship in the United States to ensure that Zhou Qi can play in the NBA in the future. Although Zhou Qi is from Henan, he has now signed a youth team contract with Liaoning Sports Bureau, which will expire after the 2013 National Games. Wu Qinglong stated that as the host of the 2013 National Games, Liaoning men's basketball team will definitely make every effort to compete for the gold medal in the U18 men's basketball group B. Zhou Qi will be our key player and he will never leave Liaoning before that. Of course, after the Twelve Fortunes, Zhou Qi became a free agent. If Liaoning men's basketball team wants to retain this "super center" whom they have invested a lot of effort in cultivating, then the only way is to engage in intense PK with other clubs. Our reporter, Ma Cheng
The head coach of the Miami Heat lamented that after five and a half months, he finally passed the mountain. Si Shuai: LBJ performed perfectly. Sina Sports News, May 12th Beijing time (May 11th Miami time): The start was not perfect, but the result was perfect. The Heat used their strongest players and their best methods to defeat the big brother Celtics 97-87 at home, with a lead of 4-1 to advance to the Eastern Conference Finals. It took us five and a half months to finally cross the big mountain of Boston, the championship DNA they earned over four years It's not that there's nothing left, since we started this journey on October 26th, we've been longing for such a victory, "said Heat coach Eric Spoelstra. As he walked into the press conference room, he wore a rare smile on his face, which lasted for a long time." This is the series we've been longing to win since training camp. Today, we were able to fight back at home and end the game with a 16-0 attack wave. We did a great job on defense. If we showed our resilience in the last game, we showed even stronger resilience this time. The heroic performance that scored 10 points was highly praised by Si Shuai. LeBron's performance is phenomenal, it's a perfect combination of his personal will and team will. He really (really eager to win this series), "Spoelstra paused for a moment." I've never seen this kind of situation in my life (James' desire for victory), and no one in this league has ever done it. Any player on that team (Celtics), he defends at least two to three times, and it's all planned. I don't think anyone has done it, and this shows his talent, intelligence, and will to you, "he even revealed that before today's game, he planned to have James guest star as a center to go. Carrying a big shark. If the Green Army puts Shaq on the bench today, I'm prepared to let James take him on, even if it's just a 'try', "Spoelstra said." The 10-0 run he directed in his final moments and the steal that happened at home were all too perfect. "[Sina NBA official Weibo], [Heat News dynamic Weibo], [Technical statistics], [Live recording], [High definition photos] (Sina Sports, Li Shuangfu, from Miami)
Head coach Carlisle stated that Bubova will officially make a comeback in the Western Conference semifinals against the Lakers. Bubova's left foot had undergone surgery before, so after being injured again, the calf was very cautious and kept him. He's much better now, "said Mavericks coach Rick Carlisle. In the first round of the playoffs, Stevenson replaced Bubova as the starter, but he made little progress. So much so that the American media defined it as a puppet debut. So once Bubova returns, will Carlisle immediately let him return to the starting lineup? If he can play, we need to adapt to the situation and possibly consider letting him start first and then make adjustments. Although he hasn't played many games this season, most of them are starting, and I don't think there is any problem for him. Although he has just recovered from injury, he looks very good
Playing Warcraft for 48 minutes at 25+15 without spitting blood is useless. This summer, when he made the decision, Warcraft has never been so lonely. If Jason Collins didn't exist and there weren't players like him who could defend themselves alone, the Magic wouldn't have been so difficult. For two consecutive years in the playoffs, Warcraft has encountered targeted defenses from their opponents. Last season in the first round, he got lost in the foul trap of the Charlotte Bobcats. After finally reaching the Eastern Conference Finals, they encountered Kendrick Perkins again. Warcraft has always been afraid of opponents who are agile but have limited physical fitness. What he fears is the type who has enough size and is focused on killing without hesitation. How can Perkins' Fate single protect against Warcraft? Relying on its strong body, it can limit the number of times Warcraft attacks the penalty area, but cannot fully utilize its rebounding advantage. Collins can now be described as following the rules and regulations, which is not new, but Warcraft is helpless. Warcraft is restricted, and there are only two possible endings for magic: either a sweep of the Bobcats or a crushing defeat of the Green Shirt Army. The Hawks undoubtedly embarked on the second path. After all, the Hawks have stronger player qualifications than the Bobcats under Larry Brown's rule. As long as they limit this aspect of Warcraft, other players can free up their hands to deal with other Magic players, and their defensive coverage can even extend beyond the three-point line. This is the main reason for the Magic's overall poor performance and also the strategy of the Celtics at that time. Under the vicious cycle, magic falls into an irreparable state. The lack of helpers in the four games of Warcraft before the series has been verified. The use of magic on Warcraft reflects two aspects: firstly, it bears too much burden, and secondly, it may not be good to use steel on the blade, unable to highlight the strengths of Warcraft and avoid its weaknesses. Today, Warcraft did everything he could in the game. In the first quarter, he scored 8 points. The Hawks' strategy was to have one person defend and the other constantly harass, which resulted in him making 3 mistakes. In the third quarter, the Hawks kept sending him up to the free throw line, and he scored 6 points. In the early part of the fourth quarter, his teammates finally found a tacit understanding with the Warcraft team. He received passes from Gilbert Arenas and Jamil Nielsen, and scored 8 points again in a single quarter. But in the second half of the fourth quarter, he was unable to receive the ball. Although Howard has always comforted Orlando fans, those who are attentive also remember when he fell behind 1-3, he said harshly, 'If you don't want to win, why don't you stay in Atlanta and don't go back!' Breakups in the world always start with resentment from one side. Losing in a series is not a big deal, but chilling Warcraft's heart is the big deal. Have you noticed that the industry has started selecting the next player for Warcraft? (Monsters and Demons)
The Celtics are willing to renew their contract with the 2007 No. 5 Show, and Anji hopes he can become the cornerstone of the team. Sina Sports News: On May 14th, according to ESPN, Boston Celtics general manager Danny Anji stated in an interview that he will provide Jeff Green with a competitive offer before July 1st and try to retain this highly promising small forward. In Anji's words, once the era of the "Big Three" comes to an end, he hopes that Green can become the cornerstone of the Green Shirt Army's reconstruction. Since being traded to the Celtics, Green's initial testing in the first three months has come to an end, with mixed results. When he first played for the Thunder, he averaged 37 minutes per game and was an unwavering starter in the team. However, after joining the Celtics, his average playing time per game sharply decreased. Since the start of the playoffs, his average playing time per game has been less than 25 minutes. Moreover, his inconsistent performance often receives criticism from the outside world. Internally within the team, the Celtics were well aware from the beginning that Green would struggle to match his form and statistics during his time with the Thunder. However, Anji, who brought in Green, has his own expectations for this 24-year-old young player. Many people may not realize that the transition of roles is difficult to adapt to, "Angie defended Green." When I played basketball, some of the new players on the team had difficulty adapting to the team's system, which caused a lot of damage to the team. A clear example is Darren Dyer, who originally averaged 25 points per game, but sometimes even scored 0 points since becoming a substitute for Larry Bird and Kevin McHale. "" If a player's role suddenly changes, then the expectations of the outside world should also be adjusted accordingly. Jeff Green can score, three-point shooting is also good, and his defensive and athletic abilities are rare. I believe that. He has a bright future and will definitely meet our expectations for him, "Anji continued. So, will the Celtics sign a long-term contract with Green? In an interview with Boston Sports, Angie revealed that Green will take on more responsibilities next season and may even replace Paul Pierce or Ray Allen as the starting position. However, he later explained that he only hoped Green could do more for the Celtics. For Green, the first thing he needs is a fixed position, rather than wandering between positions three and four. Secondly, he needs to gain more playing time to become the main attacking point on the offensive end. Sometimes Green is a complete polymath on the field. But most of the time, his performance is very unstable. After the Celtics lost to the Miami Heat in Game 5 of the Eastern Conference semifinals and were eliminated, Green vowed to perform even better in the new season. I am very satisfied with my performance in the past few months, but I hope to show more next year, "Green said." I will become better, and many people have not seen my full strength yet. "Obviously, Danny Anji is betting on Green's potential and future, especially in the face of the undeniable fact that the Green Army is aging. Firstly, he is an excellent player, "Anji continued to praise Green. And that's exactly what we need. In addition, his dedicated attitude left a deep impression on the team," Anji said in the end. (Rosen)
Kuban has become mature due to his child, Terry: Dirk is only short of a championship ring. Sina Sports News, May 13th, Beijing time. Mark Kuban, the owner of the Mavericks, seems to have fallen silent in the playoffs this season. Even though the Mavericks swept the Lakers, it is rare for him to appear on TV screens and make any comments after the game, which is quite rare. Today, during an interview, Nowitzki revealed the reasons for Kuban's changes. Dirk Nowitzki said, "Kuban has slowly changed since the Mavericks lost to the Miami Heat in the 2006 NBA Finals. He has worked hard not to let his off court words and actions affect the team. He is still so passionate, he is still a super fan, he still supports us from the bottom of his heart, and sometimes he shouts, but now he pays attention to the occasion. He is no longer the same person, he is still our boss, but he has changed." Nowitzki said that Kuban's changes may have started with him becoming a father. "Family factors can always affect you. Before, he always participated in every training session, every road trip we had, and he always followed us. Go, but now he doesn't do it anymore. This does not mean that he no longer cares and loves this team, it's just that his family and children have given him more things to care about. ”In fact, not only Kuban has changed, but Nowitzki has also changed. Compared to before, Nowitzki has become more mature and composed. Coach Carlisle said in an interview the other day that Nowitzki has already entered the top ten in history. Today, Terry said about Nowitzki that his greatness no longer needs any proof, only a championship ring is missing. He is at least one of the top 50 players in history, the top 50 great football stars. I know, he used to rank this before, but now it needs to be updated, "Terry said." I don't know what you think, but in my opinion, he is one of the greatest players. He trains hard, year after year, day after day, with basic skills, facing double or even triple doubles every day. On the field, he plays a leader. In the early stages of his career, many people questioned him about this, but he did make his teammates better. Every night, he contributes a lot of points, who else can do as well as him on both ends of the field? I think he has proven everything to the world, of course, there is still room for improvement. One thing, that's the championship ring. But even so, he can still make it into the top fifty in history
O'Neal reveals retirement sentiment, learning from Rashid to only be a Celtic for one year? Sina Sports News, May 14th Beijing time: According to the Boston Herald, Celtics interior player Jermaine O'Neal may choose to retire. Shaquille O'Neal still has the ability to gallop on the court next season, but the question now is whether he is willing to play as a Celtics player, battling 7-foot players in the penalty area every night, or his son Jermaine, who patrols the sidelines. After the Celtics were eliminated by the Miami Heat in the Eastern Conference semifinals, Shaquille O'Neal didn't want to make an immediate decision about his future, but the penalty area superstar still revealed some signs of possible retirement. In order to have more time to spend with his family, he also has an 11 year old daughter, Asgar. Now I have a cute little son who always wants me to have more time to spend with him, "Xiao Ao said." I am 32 years old and have been playing in the NBA for 15 seasons, half of my life. The most important things for me now are family and children. I have devoted most of my time to basketball, and I want to re-examine it. Now whenever I go out, my son always asks me 'when will he be back'. When I call home, I always ask 'Guess when I'm going back' in return. My daughter has become accustomed to this, maybe it's time to accompany them. I don't want to endure the pain of loneliness in middle age. ”Since entering the NBA as a high school student in 1996, Orny Jr. has played 976 professional games (regular season and playoffs), and this 6-time All Star is now plagued by injuries. This season, Xiao Ao missed 58 regular season games due to left knee and left wrist injuries. He is confident that he will recover his health this summer, but he is not yet ready to play another season. Rashid Wallace chose to retire after joining the Green Army for a season. Should Xiao Ao also follow in his footsteps? My body will tell you what time it is now, "Xiao Ao said. There are still many things to do, "Xiao Ao said." Even next season we will have no balls to play. If we only play for half a season, I am very sure that everyone will return to the team, which is very beneficial for us. I don't know what others think, but I think it's time to go home and spend time with my family now. Let's see what happens. "Xiao Ao still has a one-year contract worth 6.2 million yuan, which is a considerable amount, but after entering the NBA, his income has exceeded 160 million US dollars. Compared to a contract and a championship ring, spending time with family may be more attractive. (Grass Head King)
It is reported that the league submitted a new negotiation agreement last week, but the proposed requirements are not much different from the first one, including setting a hard top salary cap, significantly reducing players' salary and benefits, and reducing players' profit sharing. According to the existing labor agreement, players can receive 57% of the league's total revenue. Unfortunately, the new proposal is very similar to the one from a year ago and still falls short of our expectations, "said Fisher, a veteran guard of the Lakers and president of the players' union. David Stern stated that the league has lost $300 million this season. The total salary of NBA players this season is about $2.1 billion. In the latest mention, the league suggests that the players' union significantly reduce salaries, hoping to cut existing player salaries by $800 million. But Fisher clearly does not agree with Stern's statement: 'The first round playoff ratings are soaring, and the NBA is popular all over the world.'. ”He said he is ready to break away from the league. "We will advise players to prepare for a lockout, and of course, I will still actively promote the development of this matter." Billy Hunter also said several months ago that if the owners insist on their own opinions, the possibility of a lockout is as high as 99%. The reporter was unable to contact him this time. The NBA had a lockout in 1997, and the current labor agreement is the result of the last negotiation. The main disagreement between players and bosses is to replace the existing soft salary cap system with a hard salary system, significantly reducing the league profit ratio of players and shortening the contract guarantee period. Among the four major sports leagues in North America, the NBA and MLB implement a soft salary cap system, while the NFL and NHL implement a hard salary cap system. The difference between the two is that the hard salary cap cannot be exceeded in any way, but the soft salary cap lists some additional conditions. At present, the NFL league is also in a state of shutdown, and the NBA players' union plans to follow the example of the NFL league and dissolve the union, allowing players to directly sue team owners. NFL players are suing their bosses under antitrust laws and have achieved initial success. (Big Faced Cat)
Kuster is afraid to escape the fate of being laid off, and the Pistons only fired the head coach to keep Starkey. Sina Sports News: On May 3, Beijing time, the reason why the Pistons did not make it to the playoffs this season is not only related to the team lineup, but more importantly, it is probably due to internal conflicts within the team. Midway through the season, Detroit repeatedly reported conflicts between the coach and players. In this situation, it is unrealistic to expect the piston to still boost morale. According to Michigan Life, although Rodney Starkey was involved in the loss of control, it did not affect the management's determination to try to keep Starkey. Perhaps it is also related to the internal disputes within the team, even in the final stage of the regular season, Stucky's answers when talking about his future direction are very vague. Since the beginning of the season, there has been a lack of coordination between Stucky and the team's head coach John Kuster, and there was a boycott scandal in April.   Objectively speaking, there are many young players in the current Pistons team, and Greg Monroe has great talent and the potential to become a new generation star. However, the management of the Pistons still hopes that Stucky can take on the role of team leader as soon as possible. Moreover, among the young players of the Pistons, Stucky's appeal is still impressive, as evidenced by several incidents of falling out midway through the season. According to the information revealed by the management of the Pistons, it is unlikely that they will allow Stucky to receive a salary of $3.9 million next season and become a fully free agent in 2012. Pistons are currently trying to persuade Stucky to sign a multi-year contract extension in advance. Moreover, from Starkey's perspective, he has not yet achieved decent results in the league. Under the new labor management agreement, it is unlikely that he will receive more generous compensation from other teams, and a piston with a new owner should be his ideal place to settle. In fact, for Pistons, it won't be too difficult to deal with potential new stars like Starkey. However, how to find a new coach who can improve the performance without causing conflicts with players is probably the more urgent task for the Pistons. (XWT185)
Tian Shen descended to earth in 130s with a white hot 10 points, and the emperor's most satisfying victory promoted to superstar Sina Sports News. The Heat still has one game left to enter the Eastern Conference Finals, and this game will be held at the Heat's home stadium. We all know that the Heat's home fans are all dressed in white, creating a hall like atmosphere. In such an atmosphere, it would be such a pleasant feeling to send the Celtics back to Boston to go fishing. However, before the game, the views of the Heat's three giants were not entirely consistent. Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh both believed that "this game will be very difficult", while James did not mention whether the game will be difficult or not. He only stated that "the three of us formed the three giants by imitating the Kai team's three giants", which had a bit of a sense of pride in "learning from the strengths of the barbarians to control them". But if we really talk about "controlling the barbarians", the emperor still needs a victory - it has nothing to do with the smoothness or ugliness of the victory, as long as it is a victory. James certainly won't let Wade carry the team alone for too long. At the beginning of the second half, the Heat's first goal was a high jump shot from the emperor into the basket, finally helping the team equalize the score for the first time. Afterwards, the Heat allowed the Celtics to score five points in a row, and it was James who stepped forward and made a decisive three-point shot, once again biting the score. After Ray Allen achieved the magical 3+1, the Emperor decisively broke through to the bottom corner of the ball, and Mike Bibby's three point ambush in this position helped the team control the point difference within 3 points. Later, Pierce single and James had a soft throw from the back, but when he turned around, James used the same method to single Pierce. He also threw the ball with one hand, but the ball went hollow into the basket. At the same time, James also knocked Pierce out of the court to show his dominance. In the third quarter, with 2 minutes and 51 seconds left, Allen fired another shot from outside the three-point line, taking the score back over 2 points. At this point, James chose to respond to Allen and decisively hit the three-point shot. Afterwards, there was mutual communication between the two sides. With 2 seconds left in the game, the Celtics still held a 2-point lead with a score of 73-71. At this time, the Kai team broke through with possession from Delonte West. West rushed all the way to the basket and was about to make an empty basket when he felt a little uneasy. He looked up and saw a man in white with a white hoop and a black face standing in the air, and most importantly, he was reciting the number 6 on his back! West let out a cry of disapproval in his heart, but with an arrow on the string, he had no choice but to swallow a bitter hot pot from James. In the life and death critical fourth quarter, West responded to the previous quarter's hat and decisively hit his life, widening the lead to 4 points. James then used two free throws and one hit to tell West to keep going. But in the following game, the Celtics' role players began to give the ball, and with 3 minutes and 43 seconds left in the game, they actually took a 5-point lead 87-82. At this moment, James remained very calm. He passed the ball to James Jones, who was lurking outside the three-point line on the right side. Jones made a three-point hit, bringing the score to just 2 points. And as the game entered the last three minutes, Bosh shook Kevin Garnett's dunk and equalized the score. The emperor believed that it was time for everything to end! Next, it will be the performance of the Heavenly God descending to earth - James first faced Pierce's defense and decisively hit a three-point shot, leading the score back. After the Green Army's attack failed, James fired another shot outside the three-point line. After hitting the three-point shot, the Heat's lead had reached 6 points, and there were still 40 seconds left in the game. The live stream shot the emperor's face, his mouth slightly open, his chest slightly floating, and his gaze fixed on the front in no time. What exactly is ahead? Was it the tragic failure of the playoffs in the past two years? Is it the humiliation and burden of carrying the blame of the past summer? Or is it a 'bitch like cycle'? We don't know about this, the only thing we can know is that when James hit this three pointer, the camera returned it to the three-point shooter Allen sitting off the court, who looked lonely. In fact, Allen was not alone, the entire Celtics had completely collapsed! The emperor completely took over the game, using steals, fast breaks, and critical hits to defuse the Celtics' final counterattack, and then lightly layup again. In just 130 seconds, James single handedly hit the Celtics 10-0! The ultimate emperor played almost the entire game, shooting 11 out of 20, making 5 out of 7 three-point attempts, scoring 33 points, grabbing 7 rebounds, providing 4 assists, and blocking 1 shot, helping the Miami Heat defeat the Celtics 97-87 at home. The game is over, the Heat vs. Celtics series is over! The emperor half knelt in the middle of the field, burying his head deep and slightly swaying his shoulders. He didn't want people to see - what he had always wanted people to see was not only tears, but also many, many things. Those who understood naturally understood, and those who didn't will never understand! And at the end of the game, the last Celtics player James hugged was West, so by today, people should understand how ridiculous all those unspeakable rumors and gossip are. Finally, James picked up Vedra, who was crying on the ground, and held her in his arms. There is nothing more satisfying than the opponent who eliminated oneself from the playoffs last season, and there is nothing more satisfying than the opponent who pushed oneself all the way to the reputation of a "traitor"! Also, if you can't score the ultimate goal, it's not a superstar's tight spell. Get lost, everyone. At this moment, the emperor only wants to say one thing to the Celts, which is - go ahead with peace of mind! And the long and endless night is as iron as iron. The emperor should be grateful not only to his own brothers, but also to those who once looked down upon him, besides the oily Pat Riley! Next stop, Eastern Conference Finals, the Emperor is here! Superstars? James deserves it. [Sina NBA Official Weibo], [Heat News Dynamic Weibo], [Technical Statistics], [Live Recording], [High Definition Photos] (San'er)
The Lakers have once again exposed rumors of internal discord, with Kobe's wife hating Kardashian (pictured). Sina Sports News: With the Lakers being swept out by the Mavericks with a total score of 0-4, there are increasingly more internal rumors about the Lakers. The discord between Kobe and Gasol, lack of trust among teammates, dissatisfaction with the form of his teammates, and the team's imminent rebuilding have all been negative reports about the Lakers. Recently, a famous forum in the United States once again revealed that the discord between several key players of the Lakers is inseparable from their relationship with their wives. In fact, before this matter was exposed, American media had already exposed the discord between Kobe Bryant and Gasol. The media explicitly pointed out that the reason why Gasol's performance in the playoffs was poor was because the Spaniard had just broken up with his fianc é e, and the reason why Gasol broke up with his fianc é e was actually because of Kobe's wife. Although Kobe and Gasol strongly denied it, American journalists noticed that the absolute core of these two Lakers teams not only had little communication and lack of understanding during games, but also did not speak much in private afterwards. According to the forum, the conflicts between the Lakers' wives are far from as simple as imagined. In addition to the undisclosed secrets between Kobe's wife and Gasol's fianc é e, Odom's wife Kohler Kardashian also has a very tense relationship with Kobe's wife Vanessa, and the two have long been in a confrontational state.   However, Odom's wife Kardashian is not a dry lunch either. She is a Hollywood star, and in terms of appearance, she is definitely not inferior to Vanessa. In the past, whenever the Lakers' wives appeared together, most of the media's focus was on Vanessa, because after all, Kobe's name had more appeal than Odom's. But now, due to the increasing popularity of Kardashian, the media has begun to shift some attention to Odom's wife, which has also caused a rift in their relationship. According to an insider, during the Lakers' playoff campaign, the team's family members played the role of cheerleaders with the team, but Kardashian remained in a very awkward situation. This was not because her husband Odom did not love her, but because the wife of "Lama" teammate Kobe was extremely unhappy with her. According to an insider, Vanessa's relationship with Kardashian is no longer just a simple disagreement, but has almost reached the point of hating Kardashian and her entire family. An insider said, 'In Lakers games, she (Vanessa) will never sit next to Kardashian.' Observant fans can actually notice this. In the playoffs, Kardashian also appeared with Odom's two children, but they sat very far away from Vanessa. Due to the fact that the wives of the Lakers are closely connected to Vanessa's circle, Kardashian always appears very lonely. The insider revealed, "Vanessa never invites Kardashian to the dinner party hosted by the Lakers wives. She always calls Kohler a 'fake wife' and says she doesn't want to see any fake wives appear at the dinner party
Hawks vs. Bulls Starting Team: Both teams will continue to use their lineup, who will win the crucial battle? Sina Sports News: On May 11th, Beijing time, the Bulls will face the Hawks in their fifth Eastern Conference semifinals at home. The two teams drew 2-2 in their previous four games, and neither team can afford to lose in this Tianwang Mountain battle. The good news is that both teams are currently fully staffed, with only Eagle point guard Kirk Xinrich still unable to play. The starting lineups of both teams in this game are also using the old lineup from Game 4. It can be said that for the current Hawks and Bulls, after four games of competition, there is no secret left. To win this battle of Mount Tianwang, the only way is to work hard and persist disdainfully. The following are the starting lists for both teams in this game - Hawks: Jeff Teague, Joe Johnson, Jason Collins, Josh Smith, Al Horford Bulls: Derrick Rose, Keith Bogans, Lor Deng, Carlos Boozer, Joaqu í n Noah (Kobayashi)
The Celtics' first substitute in the interior has been heavily criticized, and tough guy Rondo has also been questioned? Sina Sports News, May 11th Beijing Time: Boston Globe columnist Chad Finn wrote an article expressing his 5 opinions on the Celtics' performance in the fourth game between the Heat and the Celtics. Kevin Garnett scored 28+18 in the third game, but was pulled back to the mortal world in the fourth game. However, the poor shooting percentage of only one out of ten shots is understandable, as he is about to turn 35 this month and only has one day of rest. His legs and feet are not working properly. What is actually more frustrating is that he showed a fragile mentality in critical moments during the last game. Firstly, it was his lack of rationality in the final moments of regular time, and secondly, he failed to seize the excellent opportunity to steal LeBron James in extra time. Now it seems that at certain moments, he is becoming more and more like the X factor in the game. 2. Glenn Davis' enthusiasm is not as strong as before. His shooting choices in the past gave people the impression that he was a player of the same level as Ray Allen and Garnett, but is he shooting too many now? In the previous game, he played for 16 minutes, and I hope to have Nenad Kostic replace him in the fifth game. After the season, he is suitable to go to another team, and I have had enough of him. Davis is a factor of failure. 3. If you think the Celtics' last loss was due to Kendrick Perkins' trade, then please stop such discussions. Perkins' contribution is only on the defensive end, but the Celtics' defense is satisfactory. In the past four years, Perkins' very limited offensive skills and poor performance on the free throw line have limited his time on the court. People have reached a consensus that they don't need Perkins, they need a young scorer who can charge forward against the Heat.   4. When I contacted Perkins and Green's deal, I thought of Danny Anji. I think he is the best general manager in the entire league. It's not because he brought Garnett, Pierce, Allen, and Rondo together, but because of his outstanding draft ability. And he is not afraid to make some challenging changes. However, recently there has been a voice saying that Anji's recent series of measures have not achieved the expected results. But I don't think there's anything to blame him for, after all, the Heat are also chasing these players, they are all good rotation players. 5. What has been bothering me since the end of the third game is Rondo's layup problem. Is it because his injury forced him to use his left hand to layup from the right? However, no matter what, Rondo is still worthy of our respect. His performance in the third game will surely become a miracle in the basketball world, and even if we watch the footage at that time for a long time in the future, he will still be respected. (Papa Bear)
In terms of efficiency value, he has already set the worst record in NBA playoff history. Since the playoffs, Bibi's three-point shooting percentage has been 22.6% (7 out of 31) - his two-point shooting percentage is not much better, only 27.8%. As a veteran who played for 12 years, the White Devils had a career three-point shooting percentage of 38.1%, and after joining the Heat, they set a new career high of 44.5%. However, all of this no longer existed after the playoffs. What do these data represent? According to ESPN data expert John Hollinger's player efficiency value calculation formula, the average efficiency value of NBA players is 15.0, the efficiency value of a rotating player is about 11.0, while Bibi is only 1.1. His teammate Dwyane Wade's efficiency value is as high as 28.2, ranking first among all players currently playing in the postseason. In 186 minutes of playing time, the efficiency value is only 1.1. In NBA history, there have been a total of 3105 single season playoff appearances exceeding 180 minutes, but no player has a lower efficiency value than Bibi. In other words, he has set a record for the lowest efficiency value in NBA playoff history. When asked by reporters about the reason for Bibi's poor performance, Heat coach Eric Spoelstra simply stated that he hoped his starting point guard would play more aggressively. I hope he becomes an aggressive player (be, an, aggressor), "said Si Shuai." I hope he always looks at the basket, I don't want him to have any hesitation. When he plays aggressive, I think the ball will go in. I think he is sometimes too selfless because he wants to be able to help himself. "Si Shuai also said that he is optimistic about Bi Bi's ability to regain touch at any time. I have been in this league for a long time, and I know that feeling can be found at once, "said Si Shuai." He may score two or three goals in a game and then make four to five three pointers in the next game. This kind of thing could happen tonight, when we need him the most. "(Sina Sports, Li Shuangfu, from Miami)
The latter said, "Both the second and third teams are fine. It was some of the young players in our first team who didn't have lunch. I sent them off during training, but they couldn't figure it out. After that, they went to the court but didn't train." It is reported that last Thursday morning, the first team of Shougang Women's Basketball went to the Municipal Sports Bureau for a cultural class. When I came back at noon, it was a bit late. Some players didn't go to the cafeteria for dinner and went straight back to the dormitory to rest. At noon, Xu Limin approached some players to inquire about the situation before they arrived at the cafeteria. Some team members said they ate cake on the way, while others haven't eaten it. During afternoon training, I punished these young players, such as running laps, mainly to encourage them to practice more, "said Xu Limin. The next morning, an accident occurred. Xu Limin introduced, "Several young players who were previously penalized came to talk to me and said they didn't understand being penalized. I admit that I spoke to two of the players in a heavier tone and punished them more severely, and apologized to them. They also admitted that training was beneficial to themselves." Although they "spoke up", several young players still didn't train that day. Xu Limin said, "They are young players who have just been promoted from the second team to the first team. The thoughts of the post-90s generation are indeed different, and I still need to continue communicating with them." Because it is the May Day holiday, the matter has been temporarily put aside. Xu Limin hopes that the holiday will end and the team members can think clearly and resume training. Yuan Chao explained that the team requires first and second tier players to ensure normal three meals a day, otherwise fatigue, anemia, and other situations may occur during training and matches. There have been cases in the past where some female team members skipped breakfast in order to sleep longer, which affected the quality of training.
The overall situation for the Green Shirts to renew their contract as head coach has been decided. Rivers: We can still win the championship. Sina Sports News, Beijing time, May 13th. According to the Boston Globe, although the Boston Celtics were eliminated, they also received good news - Meritorious head coach Doc Rivers recently stated that he has basically reached a renewal agreement with the team. When the Green Army was eliminated, Rivers did not further hurt the feelings of the fans. In an interview, he said that he was still "seriously considering the possibility of returning, and it is very likely that he will stay". This news has greatly excited fans and journalists, and in the latest interview, Rivers further revealed a shocking news, stating that his contract renewal has been "basically achieved". In Rivers' contract, there is already an option to renew for another year, and if Rivers executes this option, he can continue coaching in the Green Army for another year. However, current news suggests that Rivers is unlikely to only renew his contract for one year, but is more likely to choose a multi-year extension and continue to serve as the team's head coach for a long time to come. Team President Danny Anji stated that this will be a multi-year contract, and Rivers will lead the Celtics through the transition period. We still need to solve some problems, "Rivers said," but we will get it done quickly. I hope to resolve the contract issue as soon as possible so that we can focus all our energy on summer operations and free agent issues. We need to solve everything as soon as possible so that we can continue to move forward. "The Green Army's elimination by the Heat proves one thing - the old three giants can no longer compete with the new three giants today. Rivers, on the other hand, stated that the team must restructure its lineup around the Big Three. We must find some talented players for the Big Three, "Rivers said." Miami will only get better, Chicago will only get better. In order to help Kevin (Garnett), Ray (Allen), and Paul (Pierce), we must add some talented players. We have put a heavy burden on the Big Three in the past few years, and now we cannot continue. It is good news that Garnett can get an additional month of rest time after being eliminated, which can help him recover his health. Last season, we played seven games in the NBA Finals, which only allowed him a short summer, and we must protect his health as much as possible, "Rivers believed, There is still hope for the team to continue striving for the championship: "I really believe we can continue to win the championship, but we must also make the right moves. We must build a lineup around the three giants, but what the lineup can become depends on what kind of players we can get, which is something we must consider
The emperor's three-point rule in the first half has been repeatedly controversial, and the referees throughout the court have foolishly cleared his name. For James, he no longer cares about becoming the king of the basketball world. Isn't the MVP himself? It's okay, as long as we can win the final championship together with our brothers and make everyone feel that we have contributed, that's great. That's why Mario Chalmers, who threw the brainless three-point miss at a crucial moment in the third game between the two sides, ended up losing the game today and instead received a lot of free throws. In today's fifth game between the two sides, the Miami Heat's home court had the atmosphere of a memorial hall, meaning they wanted to give the 76ers a ride. In the end, they did it, but the process of giving them a ride was not smooth. At the beginning of the game, James assisted Chris Bosh with a successful mid-range shot, and then made a long-range shot from within the three-point line himself. However, who would have thought that this was the only shot made by the Emperor in the first half. When the 76ers started with a 16-5 lead, James decisively assisted Chalmers, who caught up with the score with three pointers. It is unknown what happened off the field, but at least on the field, one of the big brothers, James, was still able to pass the ball to himself outside the three-point line. It is believed that Chalmers was also greatly motivated. As a result, the young Chalmers exploded throughout the game and played as a substitute for 31 minutes, making 7 out of 14 shots and 6 out of 12 three pointers, scoring as many as 20 points! Chalmers, who threw three pointers crazily today, can be said to be redeeming himself for the three pointers he missed in the last game, and today after James' pass, he has completed the battle of redemption. This is the charm of passing on the field, trust your teammates? James has always done this. In the first quarter, James provided 3 assists and 4 assists at halftime, but facing the 76ers' last ditch battle, the Heat only led 43-42 by 1 point in the first half and entered the second half. However, James only scored 3 points in the first two quarters, equaling his lowest record in his 76 playoff games. Coincidentally, last year on this day, James set a career low record of 3 points at halftime while playing against the Bulls, and today he only scored 3 points at halftime. In the third quarter, there were some discordant scenes during the competition. At the beginning, James continued to integrate the team's offense and assisted Chalmers to score another three points. The Heat led 51-47 by four points, but after Chris Bosh scored four points in a row, the 76ers tied the score at 55. At this time, James made his seventh shot, which helped the team maintain its lead with a three-point hit. Originally, James passed the ball like this and occasionally threw a few shots, which was also very comfortable to play. But with 4:30 remaining in the third quarter, the emperor found a good opportunity for a fast break and missed. 18 seconds later, the emperor once again had a good opportunity for a fast break and missed. Did the emperor miss two fast attacks? What exactly happened? From the scene, every time when the emperor quickly attacks to the basket, there are two 76 players around him. They divide the emperor into two parts. One is responsible for physical contact above James' crotch, and the other is responsible for doing it below James' crotch. The audience at the scene is filled with collective indignation and shouted "Reference, socks". The referees are all old. Mount Taishan collapsed without changing his face. All kinds of calm. The fans are food and clothing parents, and it is good not to throw a lighter down. However, Heat coach Eric Spoelstra dared to point fingers at the referees, which is also a part-time job Why are you in such a hurry! So the referee decisively gave Spoelstra a technical foul, all for James. After these two layups failed, the 76ers quickly turned the score back to 61-60. After Chalmers made another three-point shot to turn the score back, James broke through and assisted Dwyane Wade in the layup, and then the Emperor broke through again. However, judging from today's referee's standards, it is difficult to get any benefits by directly layup himself. James used the breakthrough to attract the bag and passed the ball decisively. However, James Jones, who had an open outside, missed the Emperor's kindness and missed three points. Fortunately, James made a stunning jump in the 76ers' interior, grabbed a rebound in the front court, and hit the board. The referee's blow and the 76ers' defensive actions clearly angered James. He no longer pursued breaking into the interior to create damage, but instead ran to the periphery and fired shots, one by three and one by two, helping the team lead 72-67 into the final. In the final battle, the 76ers launched a crazy counterattack. With 2 minutes and 56 seconds left in the game, the away team had already brought the score to 84-86. At this point, James could no longer hold back and finally caught the attention of the referee by breaking into the line, making two free throws to help the team expand their lead. When there were only 10 seconds left in the game, the Heat only led 94-91 by three points, and the 76ers general Iguodala, who performed exceptionally well throughout the game, did not have a chance to make a three pointer under the Emperor's defense. He had to break through and jump shot, but was still blocked by James. In the end, he could only lead the 76ers back home and come back next year - if there were still NBA games to play next year. In the end, James played for 42 minutes and scored a near triple double of 16 points, 10 rebounds, and 8 assists. Although his scoring was not high, his combination and defense helped the team secure a spot in the promotion battle. Most importantly, under his leadership, the team's substitutes played brilliantly. This confidence building will greatly benefit them in the next round against the Celtics, who have a high substitute quality. (Third child)
Four years later, the defending champions were swept away again, and in 1965, the six major embarrassments of the Los Angeles Lakers were monopolized by them. Sina Sports News: The Los Angeles Lakers bid farewell to their playoff journey this season with a devastating 36 point defeat. As the defending champion, the Lakers stopped in the second round of the Western Conference and were swept 0-4! In the face of Jason Terry's 9 three pointers and the Dallas Mavericks' 20 three pointers, Kobe Bryant and his teammates became shameful losers. The Mavericks' three-point shooting is indeed amazing, but this cannot be used as an excuse for the Lakers. They personally gave their opponents the opportunity to tie the NBA historical record. The defeat was like a mountain falling, and the Lakers experienced this feeling in the second quarter. In the last three quarters, every minute and second was a purgatory for them. This is the 7th time in Lakers' history that they have been swept away by their opponents in a 7-game, 4-win format. Despite being trailing 0-3 on aggregate, they were all eliminated with a humiliating 0-4 scoreline. The defending champion was swept away, which is rare in NBA history. The last time this situation occurred was four years ago, in the first round of the 2007 Eastern Conference playoffs, when the Miami Heat led by Dwyane Wade and Shaquille O'Neal were sent home 4-0 by the Chicago Bulls. The Heat was also the only defending champion in history to stop in the first round of the playoffs and be swept away. Now, four years later, although the Lakers have made it past the first round, the shame of being swept will not diminish. Including today's Lakers, in the 65 year history of the NBA, the defending champions have only been swept in the playoffs 6 times, and what is even more unacceptable to Lakers fans is that the Purple Army has monopolized 3 out of these 6 times. In 1983, the Lakers led by Jabbar and Magic became the first defending champions in history to be swept away, losing 0-4 to the Philadelphia 76ers in the NBA Finals. In 1989, it was still the Lakers and the NBA Finals, swept 0-4 by the Detroit Pistons. In 1991, the Pistons suffered retribution, losing 0-4 to the Bulls led by Jordan in the Eastern Conference Finals. In 1996, the Houston Rockets were swept 0-4 by the Seattle SuperSonics in the Western Conference semifinals. Then there are the 2007 Heat and this year's Lakers. The Lakers have created many dynasties in their history, from George McCann to Wilt Chamberlain, from Magic Johnson to Onyx Kirby, and most recently, to Kobe Gasol. But the collapse of these dynasties always surprises people, as they have suffered a humiliating 0-4 sweep three times as defending champions. And the fate of O'Neal and Kobe, who created three consecutive championship dynasties, always intersected like a joke. In four years, the Sharks and the Flying Tigers tasted the ups and downs from defending their championships to being swept away. (Mao Mao)
Gasol: Media lies are disappointing, rumors won't bother me and Kobe. Sina Sports News, May 8th Beijing time. Pau Gasol's continued weakness has become a mystery, and rumors about him off the court are also spreading. Today, Gasol publicly denied rumors, claiming that the so-called "love scandal" or "friendship scandal" was completely fabricated by journalists. Previously, there were rumors online that Gasol broke up with his girlfriend because a teammate's wife was causing trouble. And Gasol also stopped talking to his teammates on the field, which affected his form. Furthermore, this teammate was also directly pointed at as Kobe. Gasol said, "I usually try my best to avoid or ignore these rumors, but the people around me who are very close to me have read about them and influenced them. These people are very, very close to me, which makes me quite disappointed. Because these things are not true at all, they are pure lies, fabricated stories. I have no choice but to do so. I know this is life. We are surrounded by the media, the media always have to work, the media always have to survive, and they always have to create topics as much as possible." Kobe has publicly responded to this rumor earlier, denying being caught up in it. Gasol is also being questioned about his relationship with Kobe. He said, "In fact, the chemistry between us is very good, and our communication is very smooth. Despite all kinds of rumors and gossip, it has not troubled our relationship, and there is no gap between us. People always try to find the reason, which is like throwing a stone into water, causing ripples and making things bigger and bigger." Gasol's relationship with the Zen master also became the focus after the third game, and the media camera clearly captured the Zen master loudly expressing his dissatisfaction to Gasol during a pause. Gasol explained, "I was always listening, listening to what he was saying. It didn't shock me, I didn't even feel anything." Jackson also clarified after the game that there was no conflict between the two sides, "This is not true, I have treated him like this before." Gasol ranked 12th in the league in the regular season with a shooting percentage of 52.9%, but in the playoffs, his shooting percentage dropped significantly to only 42.2%. The Zen master said, "Gasol must stand up, dare to face the frame attack, play more in the low post, be more active, and do more pick and roll for his teammates
Booker's injury has healed a lot. Although he is just a rookie, his idea of establishing a charity foundation has received strong support from his teammates, especially Josh Howard. Although Josh Howard will become a free agent this summer and may not necessarily stay with the Wizards, Howard has spared no effort in charitable causes. As a veteran, Howard stated that he will maintain close contact with his teammates during the offseason. He will host a 5-5 streetball tournament with Booker in South Carolina from June 9th to 12th to raise funds for Booker's charitable foundation. And the hot rookies of the Wizards, John Wall and Andre Blaze, have also agreed to participate in this game and stated that they will sponsor other teams in this event. The competition organized by Booker allows people over the age of 17 to participate, and each participating team needs to pay a participation fee of $500, while the champion will receive a prize money of $5000. The main purpose of this event is to raise funds for Booker's foundation to help more people in need. In fact, although this year is only Booker's rookie season, he has already participated in many charity events organized by Josh Howard in Washington. Therefore, when Booker proposed to establish his own charity foundation, Howard also decided to use his experience and abilities to help this rookie as much as he could. Booker averaged 5.3 points and 3.9 rebounds per game in his rookie season, but he injured his right leg in a game against the Denver Nuggets on March 25th and subsequently missed the remaining 11 regular season games. Now the injury is recovering well, and Booker is very happy. He said that his off-season will be very fulfilling. In addition to being busy with charity work, he will also improve his ball handling and jump shooting skills in all aspects, hoping to make everyone look at him with new eyes next season. (Hedgehog)
The Boston legend used old events to motivate players, but still won the NBA Finals despite being 0-2 behind. Sina Sports News, Beijing time, May 7th, according to "Weei". In the Eastern Conference semifinals, the Miami Heat met the Boston Celtics, a match that caught the attention of the world. However, after two games, many people may have been disappointed. The game was not as intense as imagined, and the Green Shirts lost their first two games, falling behind 0-2 by a large margin and with low morale. Boston legend John Havlicek couldn't bear to see this state of affairs, so he used a past event to intensify the members of the Green Shirt Army. The clock goes back to the 1969 NBA Finals, where the Celtics faced the Los Angeles Lakers. In the first two games, the Lakers won with Jerry West's outstanding performance. The Lakers thought they could win the championship, but the Celtics miraculously turned the tables 4-3 and ultimately won. Havlicek used this to tell the current Green Army soldiers that falling behind is not scary, as long as there is determination, there is still a chance to win back. When things don't go smoothly and everything seems like a mess, it's really frustrating, "Glenn Davis said. However, Havlicek is right. Even if we fall behind 0-2 in the finals, we can turn the tables and win in seven major matches. What are we afraid of? "" He told us to 'fight with all our strength, make up for the disadvantage, tie the score to 2-2, and then use some special means to get them out,' "Davis said. Can the Celtics really repeat the miracle of the past and place such a fate on the Heat? After the training on Thursday, the big baby said that regaining the spiritual and physical resilience of the Green Army will be the beginning of a comeback. We didn't play our own basketball in the past, "Davis said. No one played the game they deserved. Ray Allen performed well in the first game, but we still lost. We should have played well, but we didn't. Blaming is an easy thing, but it's of no use now. What we need to do is play Celtics style basketball in the following games. "(Old Bai)
As a result, he will also be absent from the third leg of the team's away game against the Mavericks. This unexpected event occurred during the second leg of the Western Conference semifinals between the Lakers and the Mavericks at home. Due to repeated failed comebacks in the final stages of the game, the Lakers have been struggling to turn the tide of defeat. At this point, with 24.4 seconds left in the game, Mavericks guard Baria took control of the ball and pushed forward. Perhaps dissatisfied with the losing result, angry Artest stepped forward and waved his elbow, hitting Baria's face. The referee on duty immediately stopped the game and awarded Artest a malicious foul, sending him off the field. After the game, TNT's "Big Mouth" commentator Charles Barkley, who served as the on-site commentator, admitted that Artest should pay the price for his irrational behavior and he would definitely be suspended by the league. And the fact is that after the league's video review, NBA officials decisively issued a punishment decision for Artest. Due to this unprofessional action, the Lakers forward will be suspended for one game by the league, so Artest will also miss the third game of the two teams. In the previous two semifinals, the Lakers were trailing 0-2 at home at the Staples Center, and when the game moved to Dallas, the Lakers urgently needed to complete the battle for redemption. The team's main small forward, Artest, will be suspended and unable to play, which is undoubtedly a greater blow to the defending champions. From the previous two games, it seems that the Lakers no longer have the opportunity to rely solely on Kobe's exceptional ability to continue winning and advancing. At this time, it is precisely the need for reserve forces such as Bynum, Gasol, and Artest to take the lead on the front line. But due to a reckless foul, Artest was suspended, and it is unknown whether the Lakers' three peat will be buried under Artest's command as a result. (Xiaolin)
The three giants combined to score 80 points, the Heat dominated 2-0, and the Rondo 20+12 Celtics lost again. Sina Sports News: On May 4th, Beijing time, the Heat defeated the Celtics 102-91 at home, leading 2-0 in the second round of the playoffs. >>>How do you evaluate the Heat's 2-0 lead over the Celtics? The "Big Three" of the Heat scored a total of 80 points. LeBron James scored 35 points and grabbed 7 rebounds, Dwyane Wade scored 28 points and grabbed 8 rebounds, and Chris Bosh scored 17 points and grabbed 11 rebounds. The Celtics' "Big Three" pale in comparison, with Kevin Garnett scoring 16 points, Paul Pierce scoring 13 points, and Ray Allen scoring only 7 points. Rajon Rondo scored 20 points, provided 12 assists, and grabbed 6 rebounds. The first game between the two teams was full of gunpowder, and Pierce was expelled from the game with 7 minutes left. After a day of rest, they will meet again in a narrow road. The Celtics are determined to seek revenge, while the Heat will once again defend their home advantage. Halfway through the second quarter, Ray Allen made a three pointer, and the Celtics took the lead with a score of 36-34. However, Ray Allen was sandwiched by the Heat and had few opportunities throughout the game, only making this three-point shot. The two teams held each other for nearly 3 minutes afterwards. With 2 minutes and 35 seconds left in the quarter, James broke through and made a layup, causing Pierce to foul and take 3 runs with free throws. The Heat once again overtook with a score of 37-36. Bosh and Wade also hit successively afterwards. With 3.8 seconds left in this quarter, Wade hit a three pointer, and the Heat led 47-40. Rondo made two free throws in the final moments, narrowing the gap to 5 points for the Celtics. Garnett made two shots in the second half of the third quarter, and the Celtics took the lead twice. However, James made three pointers twice in response, keeping the Heat in the lead. At 3 minutes and 13 seconds left in this quarter, after Wade stole the ball, James launched a fast break. As he approached the basket, he turned around and passed Rondo, ending with a dunk. Rondo was knocked to the ground, becoming the background for James' dunk. The Heat led 66-62. James scored 12 points this quarter and has already scored 25 points in the first three quarters, with the Heat leading 72-67. With 7 minutes and 10 seconds left in the game, Pierce made two free throws and two runs, and the Celtics tied the score at 80-80. The Miami Heat did not give them a chance to overtake, and Chalmers, who had previously missed consecutive shots, finally made a three pointer, giving the Heat another lead. Wade and James scored successively thereafter. With 5 minutes and 46 seconds left in this quarter, when Wade missed a shot, James jumped up directly and successfully made up for it in the air. At the same time, it also caused West to commit a foul, scoring 3 points with both shots and free throws. James' performance was not over yet. Afterwards, he made two free throws and two shots, and then hit a successful mid-range shot. The Heat hit a wave of 12-0, gaining an advantage of 92-80 in one fell swoop. The Celtics were forced to call two pauses within a minute, but still couldn't stop the Heat's attack. Wade then made two free throws and one shot, expanding his lead to 13 points. With 3 minutes and 20 seconds left in the game, the Celtics scored their first goal in nearly 4 minutes with a shot from Garnett. With only one minute left in the game, the Celtics narrowed the gap to single digits. Pierce and Rondo scored consecutively, bringing the score to 91-99. The Heat subsequently made three free throws and maintained a double-digit advantage of 102-91 with 30 seconds left in the game, securing the victory. Miami Heat starting lineup: Dwyane Wade, Mike Bibi, "Big Z" Ilgauskas, LeBron James, and Chris Bosh. Celtics starting lineup: Rajon Rondo, Ray Allen, Jermaine O'Neal, Kevin Garnett, and Paul Pierce. [Sina NBA Official Weibo], [Heat News Dynamic Weibo], [Technical Statistics], [Live Recording], [HD Moments] (Angkor)
Undoubtedly, what fans are most concerned about at present is the situation of Tim Duncan, the soul of the Spurs. Many people are worried that Duncan, who is gradually aging, may have the intention to retire due to being eliminated early, but Spurs coach Gregg Popovich revealed in an interview that Duncan has no intention of retiring. Tim didn't give me any signals in this regard, he won't retire, "Popovich said firmly. When asked if Duncan would choose to jump out of his contract this summer and sign a new one, Popovich said, "I did remind him, but it was just a simple conversation because I hadn't figured out how to say it yet. But I still told him, 'Hey, let's talk about your contract. Do you still want to play? Do you want to jump out of the contract? Or do you want to play for another 9 years?'" "He said, 'Yes, my agent is also telling me about this,'" Popovich said. "We'll have another time to talk. But that's the situation now. 'It seems that whether Duncan chooses to jump out of the contract or not, he will continue to play in the NBA, and that's the case. Not choosing to retreat in haste. What else can we expect from such a resilient veteran besides sending our blessings? (Yang Qijiu)
Broadcast schedule - CCTV broadcasts Alstom away game, two live broadcasts Guangdong vs. Fujian Sina Sports News. On February 20th, Beijing time, the 26th round of the CBA league began. In this round of matches, Xinjiang faced Shanghai, Qingdao faced Jiangsu, Shandong faced Bayi, and Fujian faced Guangdong. The following is the TV broadcast schedule for this round - (new format)
A drop shattered the Zen master's plan, and in the final quarter, they made a big bet that they were the first heroes. Sina Sports News reported that this was an epic battle, with the Lakers on the edge of the cliff showing their fangs, almost running through the entire game with a triangle attack in the low post Andrew Bynum singles, and the Mavericks almost running through the entire game with Deko Nowitzki's pick and roll singles. But in the final moments, everything underwent earth shattering changes, and the source of this change came from the transformation of "Zen Master" Phil Jackson. In the first three quarters, the Lakers didn't double check the Germans at any level, and took a thorough replacement strategy when defending pick and roll, letting small players to defend Nowitzki and big men like Pau Gasol to defend the Mavericks defenders who were engaged in pick and roll with the Germans. The defense strategy in the first three quarters made the Germans kill everywhere. At the end of the quarter, Zen Master thought it was time to strangle the Mavericks' fourth quarter killing device, so he used crazy double teaming. Such double teaming did not suit Nowitzki for a time, but it caused another situation. After the Germans were double teamed, Mavericks had a lot of open jumper opportunities outside. And the Zen master's gamble lies in the fact that the Mavericks, these role players, cannot hit these damn balls. However, the Zen master lost the bet. He should have anticipated that such a gamble would end in failure, as the Mavericks' substitute was in a fairly stable form throughout today's game. Today, the head coach of the Mavericks still follows the usual 9-man rotation, and Bruce, who was hit by Kobe Bryant's face in just one minute, can be excluded. The remaining 4 substitutes each contribute. First of all, naturally, Jason Terry, the sixth man in the team, contributed 23 points, 3 rebounds and 2 assists in 7 of 10 shots in 36 minutes. The winning or losing points were the highest+13 in the team. In addition, his 3 points in the rebound with 2 minutes left in the game and the steady 4 free throws were the first credit to the Mavericks' victory after they eliminated Nowitzki. If we talk about the performance at the last moment, the Mavericks could be the greatest credit to the victory from being 7 points behind in the last quarter, even surpassing the Germans who suffered from crazy sandwiches. After Dirk Nowitzki suffered a pinch in the last quarter, when the ball came into his hands after several turnovers, it was already an absolute empty space. He first took the lead by scoring three runs and then two runs, and then when the Lakers pulled the score apart twice, it was Peja and Dirk who scored three runs in a row to help the Mavericks not collapse. Peja himself gave out two three runs. Peja, who scored 11 points in a single quarter, is the absolute hero for the Mavericks to be able to play against the Lakers until the last minute. Although he can't shoot a three-point shot, he is also very clingy. However, substitute center Brandon Heywood still made his own contribution in protecting the penalty area, with 7 rebounds, 3 offensive rebounds, and 4 fouls in 14 minutes, which can be considered a perfect completion of each game's homework. As for the 4 points earned, it can only be considered as icing on the cake. As for the previous meritorious player J.J. Barria, he only made 1 out of 5 shots today, but his calm breakthrough scoring was actually the key for players like Peja to get the ball in the empty space. In the end, he contributed 5 assists in 14 minutes, which is truly precious.   Matt Barnes continued his slump from the previous game, with only 11 minutes and only two three pointers made throughout the game, both of which failed to hit. As a defensive weapon, he also did not demonstrate the necessary role on the defensive end. After a two game hiatus, Steve Blake finally woke up and played for 15 minutes. He made 2 out of 3 shots and 1 out of 1 three-point shot, scoring 5 points, providing 2 assists, and grabbing 3 rebounds, which was not satisfactory. The most dazzling player on the Lakers bench is undoubtedly young player Shannon Brown, who only played for 19 minutes and scored 10 points and grabbed 3 rebounds with 4 of 8 shots. Looking at the substitutes on both sides, there is always someone on the Mavericks' bench who can stand up. Terry is a fake substitute and a true starter, with stable output and key performances in every game. However, Odom's performance in the first two games was relatively low. After entering the starting lineup today, the Lakers' substitutes only received some bonus shots left by Odom. Although the overall performance has improved, it can help the Lakers lead for a while, but it is not enough to support them until the last moment. Throughout the entire series, the Mavericks have been able to achieve an absolute advantage of 3-0, which is closely related to the stable and functional performance of their substitutes. On the other hand, the Lakers' substitutes are almost either designated shooters (Blake) or solo shooters (Brown) after their debut, and it is clear which one is better or worse. (Third child)
Sina vs Jones: Teammates criticize each other and are willing to play in the CBA if suspended. Sina Sports News, May 6th Beijing time (May 5th Miami time) - Sometimes the media is so snobbish.   This is the situation that supporting role around the three Heat giants have been experiencing this season. After today's Heat training, cameras, cameras, and recording pens were all "waiting" for the three giants to come off the court. Jones finished practicing free throws and quietly came off from the side of the court. Sina Sports approached to request an interview, and Jones remained as cheerful as ever. Come on, it seems like you're the only one who wants to ask me a question today, "Jones said. Sina Sports: Before the last game, Celtics coach Doug Rivers wrote on a whiteboard in the locker room: "James Jones, X-Factor". Have you heard about it? James Jones: Is it true? Before the start of the series, didn't he just say that Chris (Bosh) is the X-factor of our team? I take this as a compliment, it feels good. Hey buddy, thank you for telling me. Sina Sports: You're welcome. You played quite a bit in the last game, but only made one shot throughout the game and didn't score. What's the reason? James Jones: They strengthened their defense against me, and every time I took the ball, there was at least one Celtics player around me. That's the change they made. As I told you in my first game, they gave me too much shooting space in the first game, and I made them suffer. In the second game, they made adjustments, and my chances were reduced, so I had to help the team in other ways. Sina Sports: What other ways did you say? James Jones: For example, when it comes to defense, many people may not know that I am actually a player who pays special attention to defense. Three pointers are just one of my strengths, and I can defend several positions. In the last round against the 76ers, I had a confrontation with Sadis Yang, and I think I did pretty well. Sina Sports: In the first game, you scored 25 points, but in the second game, you didn't score a single point. Will you feel disappointed? James Jones: No. I am the supporting role player of this team. Our role is to seize opportunities when they arise. For me, most of the time, it is to hit the ball that my teammates pass to me steadily. If there is no opportunity or very few opportunities, such as in the last game, we must contribute in other ways. I am glad that they (Celtics) have sent someone specifically to keep an eye on me, which also means that my teammates will have more space in the interior. So, as long as the team wins, it doesn't matter how many points I get. Sina Sports: In addition to saying that you are the X factor, the Celtics' whiteboard also lists two data points: 47% and 27%. I estimate that those are your shooting percentage when unmarked and defended... James Jones: I didn't even realize this. Although I am a pitcher, I rarely look at data such as shooting percentage. For me, the most important things in shooting are timing and rhythm. If the opponent empties me, I will not hesitate to shoot. If not, I will patiently wait for the opportunity, it's that simple. Sina Sports: Devine and LeBron said in an interview a few days ago that once they discover their own problems, they will point them out in person. Is the same true for other members of the team? James Jones: That's right, we're a team that hasn't been formed for long, and we've only been together for nine months, so there will definitely be a lot of adjustment issues. In fact, not only do they pick, on, each, other, but the whole team has a habit of picking on each other. We are all adults and understand the reasons for doing so. We all know that only in this way can we quickly adapt and ultimately win the championship. I think this is an important reason for the good atmosphere within our team. Everyone is like brothers, treating each other honestly and improving together. Sina Sports: We have previously discussed the issue of NBA shutdowns. As the financial secretary of the players' union, how do you view the current situation? James Jones: To be honest, it seems inevitable that the NBA will shut down this summer, and my biggest hope now is that the shutdown will not affect the normal progress of the new season. In other words, I hope that both labor and management can reach a new labor agreement before the start of the new season. Sina Sports: If the new season really comes to a halt, I mean if there are really no balls to play, would you be willing to play in China's CBA? James Jones: Of course (Sure). I heard that there are many basketball fans in China, and many former NBA players play in the CBA. I heard about James Singleton, am I right?   So if given the opportunity, I am willing to go, as it provides me with another choice that should be a good experience. Sina Sports: Now that you have opened Sina Weibo (@ JJtheRealChamp), maybe a Chinese team will come to you directly? Many of them have opened Weibo accounts on Sina. James Jones: Okay, I hope Chinese fans can follow me on Sina. (Sina Sports, Li Shuangfu, from Miami)
At this moment, every hug felt so heavy because no one knew if it was their final embrace in the Lakers' robes. If we can't win the championship, they (Lakers executives) may press the trade button. This is reality, this team is like that. You have to understand their decision. "In the first two weeks of the series against the Mavericks, Fisher had already used these words to motivate his teammates around him. Fisher hopes that his teammates around him can quickly pick themselves up. Unfortunately, what should have come still came, and the Lakers ultimately fell in front of the Mavericks in this defeat. Fisher's words are not "sensational" because he has already experienced such times. When the Lakers leave in such a somewhat unpleasant way, someone must pay for this failure, which has long become a unwritten rule in the NBA. The Lakers management is likely to undergo a major overhaul of their current lineup. In 2003, the Lakers lost to the Spurs in the second round and failed to complete their fourth consecutive championship. At that time, the team's key players Horry and Brian Shaw were purged, and the following season, the Lakers added nine new faces to their lineup. In 2004, the Lakers lost to the Pistons in the NBA Finals, and the team made even greater adjustments after that, recruiting 10 new players. Jackson returned to coaching, Shaquille O'Neal and Fox were traded, and even Fisher was allowed to leave. In 2007, after being eliminated by the Phoenix Suns, the Lakers made another major adjustment to their lineup. The team recalled Derek Fisher and traded him for Pau Gasol at the trade deadline, which led to their two consecutive championships. Great Purge! This may be a disaster that Lakers players cannot avoid. After the end of this season, Phil Jackson will definitely leave, and the Lakers have absolutely no reason to maintain such a lineup. Who will leave? Who will come? I don't know At least from now on, the most noisy person outside is "Warcraft" Howard. After years of struggling with the Magic for the championship, Howard seems to have grown tired of the feeling of defeat. Like James, he feels isolated and helpless, and he begins to look forward to joining a team with the strength to win the championship like James. The Los Angeles Lakers are undoubtedly the best choice.     Because this is a better return than the Cavaliers, Raptors, Nuggets, and Jazz losing their superstars. In addition to the interior, the Lakers also need to strengthen their position as point guards.   Experts from American media have written articles stating that Delon Williams and Chris Paul are the best choices for the Lakers, but in order to obtain these two individuals, the Lakers must pay a certain price. Jerry Buss has built three Lakers dynasties, and he knows very well how to create a king's team. From the current situation, the only non saleable item for the Lakers is Kobe. This summer's rebuilding will still revolve around Kobe Bryant for the Lakers. As long as enough helpers can be found for Kobe, the day when the Lakers return to the championship throne will not be too far away. [Sina NBA Official Weibo] [Sina NBA Lakers News Dynamic Weibo] [Technical Statistics] [Exciting Replay] [Game Record] (Jia Lei)
Xiao Fan refused the invitation and will not return for the time being, revealing the true hero of his retirement. Sina Sports News reported on May 14th Beijing time that former Houston Rockets coach Jeff Van Gundy is now working as a sports commentator at ABC, and rumors about him returning to lead the team are endless. Yesterday, it was reported that Texas A&M University invited Jeff Van Gundy to lead a team to compete in the NCAA. One of the important things they value about Jeff Van Gundy is his ability, and Van Gundy also lives in Houston, making it convenient for coaching. Today, Jeff Van Gundy officially declined the invitation from Texas A&M, stating that he enjoys his current life as a television commentator. He said, "Thank you for the invitation from Texas A&M, but I don't have any plans to make a comeback at the moment." In an interview with local television station Fox Sports Channel 26 in Houston on the same day, he said he is currently enjoying this life and will definitely not make a comeback next season to become the head coach of any team. During an earlier radio talk show, Van Gundy said, "Of course, the position of Lakers head coach is tempting for any head coach. Obviously, everyone has a strong interest in coaching such a talented team, even though it may be the most risky position in the league. When the opportunity arises, they are willing to accept such a challenge. I have no interest in this position either. I am very satisfied with my current job and enjoy my life very much Since retiring as Rockets coach in 2007, Jeff Van Gundy has not accepted any team invitations. However, his assistant coach was very successful. Tom Hibidu, the first assistant coach under Van Gundy, led the Bulls to the Eastern Conference Finals this season and won the Best Coach award. It is interesting that a few days ago, Spaniolis, who was once frustrated under Van Shuai, hinted to Greek media that the real head coach of the Rockets at that time, Hibidu, was not Van Gundy, which may have been a key factor in Van Gundy's reluctance to return to the field. At that time, most of the coaching work for our team was actually done by Thibodeau. He was a very excellent defensive coach who taught us a lot in daily training, "said Spang." He had very good training methods and discipline, and he did a great job. I remember an assistant coach in the league once said that no matter where Thibodeau went in the future, he would eventually succeed! So I have been following his coaching career, and I think his award this year is just the first step. He will continue to be a very excellent coach
Rockets interview new coach, welcome old acquaintances, alien Cassell returns to Houston, Sina Sports News, May 4th Beijing time. According to local TV channel 26 in Houston, the Houston Rockets have met with former Rockets star Sam Cassell. League sources also told Channel 26 that the Rockets had met with another candidate for head coach, Celtics assistant coach Lawrence Frank, in Miami, Florida on Monday local time. Frank just joined the Celtics this season. Prior to that, he had been the head coach of the New Jersey Nets for 6 years, leading the team with a record of 225 wins and 241 losses, and making it to the playoffs four times. Cassell is currently serving as a teaching assistant for the Washington Wizards for two years. He played in the NBA for 15 years and won three championship rings, two of which were with the Rockets (1994 and 1995) and one with the Celtics (2008). In addition to the two mentioned above, the Rockets have already interviewed former Hawks head coach Woodson, Rockets assistant coach Sigma, Kings assistant Mario Ellie, and Bucks assistant Kevin Sampson. (Big Faced Cat)
Tanhua Lang was tasked with rescuing the Grizzlies in a crisis, and Guy claimed that this surprise soldier should have started long ago. Sina Sports News: When the Grizzlies' internal attack was restrained, there were not many people who could stand up from the outside of the Grizzlies. Without Rudy Gay, O.J. Mayo became the Grizzlies' first outside hitter, and in the second half of the game, he was ordered to start. Mayo's performance today was good, and before the end of the first quarter, he teamed up with Grevis Vasquith to score a fast break and buzzer. Vasquith first spotted Kevin Durant's passing route, and after the ball was cut, he and Mayo quickly made a fast break with a standard two hit one fast break coordination. After Mayo's successful layup, the red light at the end of the first quarter also lit up immediately. In the first quarter, Mayo only played for less than three minutes and scored 8 points in such a short time. This performance also conquered Grizzlies coach Lionel Hollins, so he decided to let Mayo start in the second half. This is Hollins' second lineup change in this game, indicating that he also wants to use some changes to strive for victory. Mayo only made 6 out of 18 shots and scored 18 points throughout the game, which clearly does not reflect the role he played in this game. The Grizzlies were 13 points behind in the first three quarters, and after reaching a small climax in the fourth quarter, the lead remained hovering between 8-10 points. At this point, it was Mayo who broke the deadlock. He first hit a throw and then a three pointer that allowed the Grizzlies to reach a 12-2 climax, eventually catching up with the score. Mayo's performance may not be perfect, but he is a major contributor to the Grizzlies' great comeback. Now even Mayo can be called the Grizzlies' most important outside player, and his critical ball ability is extremely precious to the Grizzlies. In today's big comeback, none of the Grizzlies' players performed particularly well. In the situation where the interior was tightly guarded, the Grizzlies' slightly inferior exterior everyone rushed out, and Mayo was the most shining one among them. In addition to 18 points, Mayo also achieved a comprehensive record of 6 rebounds, 4 assists, 2 steals, and 2 blocks. In this game, Mayo started in the second half, and then the Grizzlies completed a big comeback with a maximum difference of 16 points. When Mayo started, the Grizzlies' internal and external attacks were more balanced, and perhaps maintaining this starting lineup would allow the Grizzlies to go further. (268)
The Grizzlies have learned a lesson and found a good way to deal with the Thunder. Releasing the Twin Towers is the right way to win. Sina Sports News, Beijing time, May 7th. According to the Memphis Business Herald, in the second game between the Thunder and Grizzlies, the Thunder effectively restrained the Memphis Twin Towers Zack Randolph and Marc Gasol. In the third game of the series, how the Grizzlies release the Twin Towers will be the key to the game. After the second game, the Grizzlies themselves admitted that they did not solve their offensive problems well. The Grizzlies watched the game video on Thursday and found that the Thunder did not use any special moves, but their position selection in the attack was poor, and their passing and shooting were also relatively poor. They are preventing us from entering the basket, cutting off our connection, and we need to strengthen the ball's movement, "Zack Randolph said." We are ready for Saturday's game. "" We need to do better in time control and team cohesion, "Grizzlies head coach Lionel Hollins said. Scoring in sports battles, creating a new low for this season. The outside players of the Grizzlies have been instructed to deliver shells to Randolph outside the three-point line, in order to more restrain the opponent on the outside. In the second game, Sam Young and Tony Allen even stood in the wrong position once, both of them were looking for opportunities to shoot from the bottom corner. We did a poor job passing the ball to the Twin Towers in the interior, "said Grizzlies point guard Mike Conley." We are working hard and will forget the bitterness of the past. We should do better in terms of team cohesion and player spacing. If the Grizzlies do a good job of ball handling, it is likely to restart the power of the Twin Towers. The interior players of the Grizzlies also realized that they needed to make quick decisions during the game. We're not playing as fast as usual, our offense is too simple, and that's what the Thunder's defense wants to achieve, "said Gasol." They want us to shoot directly from the outside, saving their inside players from foul trouble. "" Everyone will see our changes, "said Grizzlies guard Sam Young." We'll play like we did in the first game, not like we did in the second game, and we'll be refreshed in tomorrow's game
McHale was appointed as the Vice President of Basketball Affairs for the Timberwolves in 1995, and personally took over the leadership of the Timberwolves in 2005. After leading the team to play the remaining 31 regular season games, he returned to the management team and took over the Timberwolves midway through the 2008-09 season. He served as the head coach of the Timberwolves twice and led the team with a record of 39 wins and 55 losses.   Multiple sources have confirmed that McHale is one of the top three contenders for the Rockets' new head coach, along with Mavericks assistant coach Dwayne Casey and Celtics assistant coach Lawrence Frank. At this point, the Rockets have completed all interviews with the three individuals. McHale won three championship trophies with the Celtics and was selected for the All Star seven times. According to reports, he prefers the head coach position that will be vacated after Rivers may leave the Celtics this summer. The Rockets have currently interviewed Jack Sigma, Mario Ellie, Sam Cassell, Kevin Sampson, Mike Woodson, Lawrence Frank, Frank Vogel, John Lucas, and Dwayne Casey, with Michael being the tenth person interviewed by the Rockets. (Big Faced Cat)
Survey - How do you evaluate Ross' performance as he led the team to win the cup at home? Sina Sports News: On May 5th, Beijing time, the Bulls defeated the Hawks 86-73 at home, tying the total score for the second round to 1-1. New MVP Derek Ross played with an injury, scoring 25 points, 10 assists, and 6 rebounds, but his shooting percentage was still not very impressive, with 10 out of 27 shots (including 1 out of 8 three pointers). How would you evaluate his performance in the playoffs so far? Please cast a valuable vote: (New Body)
The Heat lost 50 points in the first round of the playoffs. Si Shuai insisted on not making adjustments to Sina Sports News. On May 5, Beijing time (May 4, Miami time), the Heat has won 6 and lost 1 in the playoffs, which can be said to be a good result, but it can not hide the fact that their first round is not awesome enough. According to statistics, in 7 games, the Heat's starting lineup lost a total of 50 points to their opponents on the court. The starting five tigers were not awesome enough, which directly led to a slow start. In the previous round against the 76ers, the Heat fell behind by double digits in the first quarter of four out of five games. In this round against the Celtics, although they did not fall behind by a large margin in the first quarter again, they did not show a good momentum at the beginning. In fact, however, Heat coach Eric Spoelstra insists that the team does not need to make any adjustments to the starting lineup. I don't want to over analyze this (data), but I know we must find a solution to it so that our starting lineup can play better, "Spoelstra said. The current starting lineup of the Heat consists of the Big Three, Big Z, and Mike Bibi. The main reason why Shaquille O'Neal likes to use a Lithuanian center is that "his shooting is a big threat to the opponent," which can "create more shooting space for LeBron, Dwyane, and Chris." Regardless of whether Shaquille O'Neal's reasons are sufficient or not, Big Z At least he hasn't shown his shooting power in this series yet. In two games, he made 7 shots and only hit 1, including yesterday's 5-for-1. "I don't want to analyze it because no team is perfect," said Si Shuai. "They (Celtics) have a starting lineup that they can't afford, and that's their strongest lineup. That should be their best time playing when they start, so I don't think changing the lineup may work." It's precisely because Si Shuai's preference for Big Z that Heat center Eric Dampier hasn't had a minute of playing time in the playoffs. Dampier was the starting lineman for the Miami Heat for the first half of the regular season, but was temporarily replaced during the closing stages. He was relegated to the bench and has not had any playing time since then. Some local media once suspected that there was a conflict between Dampier and Sishuai, but they have not received any definite information so far. (Sina Sports, Li Shuangfu, from Miami)
Noah's talk of unity delighted Ross, who was so annoying that he disappeared. Reporter Pan Jinqin reported that when the Bulls broke through the first round for the first time, Joaqu í n Noah revealed the secret to their success: "Unity, we unite together." Once upon a time, Noah was the Bulls' thorn in the side. He had a very unhappy rookie season with the veterans, but now he always talks about unity. After the first round, he even declared that the Bulls had risen to a higher level through this round of games because everyone was considering their teammates around them. We have learned that no matter what people say, what we need to focus on is to consider everyone around us, "Noah said. Perhaps it was the arrival of his family, especially when his grandfather, Old Noah, was present to watch the battle, that made him particularly calm, less flashy and more determined. I hope to dedicate a better game to my family, "Noah said." I am very happy that Grandpa can see us win and enter the second round. "In the first round of the game, Noah averaged 10.6 rebounds per game, making him the team's playoff rebounding king. He also contributed 12.0 points, becoming the team's second leading scorer. In each game, he can also give 2.6 blocks, and if his 4.4 fouls are not included, Noah's performance is quite perfect. When Buze didn't perform well due to a foul crisis, Noah's score filled the gap in the Bulls' interior, but he didn't take the credit in his arms. He said, "This is the team's effort, we have been moving towards the same goal." In the last game of the first round, Noah became Granger's target for venting, but he didn't pay attention to the opponent's scolding. We are not worried about whether fans will have too high expectations, nor are we worried about our teammates being criticized, "Noah said. This indifferent attitude is like he doesn't care who his opponent is in the second round, nor does he care that he is likely to face off against his former Florida teammate Horford. We don't need to care who our opponents are, "Noah said." We just need to be good at ourselves, we just need to unite together, whether it's good or bad, we have to get through it together. "The Hawks defeated the Magic in the first round, and their confidence skyrocketed. Noah knew this well. He said," We all know that the Hawks have strong confidence now, but it has nothing to do with us. As long as we support each other, we will have better opportunities and achieve some different results
Iron blooded Garnett also moved Rondo: he proved toughness with his actions! Sina Sports News, May 8th Beijing time, according to the Associated Press, despite dislocated left elbow, Rajon Rondo still scored 6 points and provided 11 assists in the Celtics' 97-81 victory over the Heat, becoming a major contributor to the victory. In terms of the Heat, "Flash" Wade scored 23 points and provided 7 assists, while substitute center Joel Anthony scored 12 points and grabbed 11 rebounds. LeBron James only scored 15 points, and he and Wade combined only made 14 out of 35 shots, demonstrating the defensive power of the Celtics. In the third quarter, Rondo fell to the ground while defending Wade and accidentally injured his left elbow. He was once helped back to the locker room by his teammates for treatment. However, at the beginning of the fourth quarter, he returned to the court and still performed well despite being unable to move his left hand, which ignited the Celtics' fighting spirit. We only now truly understand that winning a championship is definitely not an easy task, "Heat coach Eric Spoelstra said after the game. Although the Heat briefly overtook in the second quarter, the Celtics completely dominated the second half. Rondo's return is definitely a shot in the arm. When he walked back to the court from the locker room, almost all Boston fans on site stood up and cheered him on to their hearts' content. He proved himself to be an exceptionally strong young man through his practical actions, "Garnett also gave a thumbs up to Rondo after the game. I don't know what kind of achievements he can achieve at the age of 35, but from the current perspective, he is playing very well. Speaking of the thrilling scene of Rondo's injury during the game, Green Army coach Rivers is still undecided. The first-hand information I received was: 'His elbow is dislocated!' But just 30 seconds later, I saw him walking towards me. From his expression, I could tell he wanted to continue playing! "Rivers recalled the scene at that time. After the fourth quarter began, Rondo appeared with a trailing arm. With just over 8 minutes left, he intercepted Bosh with his left hand and completed a long right-handed dunk. Two minutes later, Rondo faced LeBron James' defense in another attack and made a layup. After the game, when asked by reporters about the feeling of playing with one hand, Rondo seemed to have forgotten the pain and smiled, saying, "I hope to help the team defend well on the court and boost the morale of my teammates! Besides, my main task is not to score, but to command. This can be done with my mouth and legs." In fact, it was Rondo's fast break layup score at the beginning of the third quarter that sounded the horn of the Celtics' counterattack. 9 out of 10 points and 16 out of the first 20 points before this season were all scored by the Celtics. My left arm really hurts! "Rondo said after the game when talking about the injury." This is something I have never experienced before. But with the help of the team's trainer, I have confidence to play in the next game. "Even if Rondo can really play in the next game, will his data and performance be affected? This is obviously the issue that everyone is most concerned about. Regarding this, Rondo said, "It may be possible on offense, but definitely not on defense. I will still play high-intensity defense, causing trouble for the opponent's offense." It is also worth mentioning that "Shark" O'Neal finally made a comeback in this game, but his performance was average, only getting 2 points. Meanwhile, Delonte West, who also played with an injury, scored 11 points, with 10 of them coming from the first half. At present, the total score of both sides is 2-1, and the Heat is temporarily leading. The fourth game will be held next Monday night. (Rosen)
Kobe smiled slightly after the game and said, "I firmly believe that the Lakers will advance. Maybe I'm crazy." Sina Sports News, Beijing time, May 7th (Dallas time, May 6th). In the third game of the second round of the playoffs, the Lakers challenged the Mavericks on the road and ultimately lost 92-98, trailing 0-3 overall. After the game, Kobe Bryant attended the press conference. When it comes to his thoughts on this game, Kobe said, "We played well, but not to the point where we could win. We didn't play well in the last part of the game and made some mistakes in defense, which we have made a lot of this year." Regarding the reason for the defeat, Kobe said, "We do this every night. In the past few days, we were good all night, but in the end, we collapsed. Tonight, they played well for Peja today, and Jason Terry made a lot of baskets." Today, Pau Gasol still disappointed people, but Kobe continued to speak for him: "Our chemistry is good, we are on the same boat, and our defense is good. He is my favorite. Don't worry, NBA There has never been a team in history that can turn the tables from a 0-3 deficit. Today, Kobe's belief remains unchanged, with a firm smile, describing himself in three words: "I may be sick, I may be crazy, but I still believe we can win the series. I may be nuts. I believe we can win the next game, return to Los Angeles, and pursue the next victory.   Let's wait and see who the Lakers Mavericks will ultimately laugh at. (Sina Sports, Zhang Haiyan, from Dallas)
The Magic were eliminated and quickly extended Howard's contract. Warcraft: Leaving aside Sina Sports News, on April 30th Beijing time, according to the Orlando Sentinel, the Orlando Magic were "knocked down" by the Atlanta Hawks in the first round of the playoffs, and Dwight Howard's ambition was unfulfilled, leaving him very disappointed. However, recently the Magic official stated that they have "quietly" placed the renewal contract in front of Howard. Without a doubt, regardless of Magic's performance, Magic officials will do their utmost to retain Warcraft. At present, the Magic management has offered Howard a 2-year contract extension, which is the largest contract they can offer before July 1st local time in the United States.   But there is no doubt that Howard will not just sign a 2-year contract extension like this. Howard's contract will expire in 2013, but he had a player option in 2012 to terminate the contract early. 2012 is the year when many star player contracts expire, and the league's power structure is likely to change. Howard is likely to evaluate the Magic's potential and sincerity in the following year.   Undoubtedly, it will have a greater impact on income.  
The head coach explained why there was no foul in the fourth quarter, and Mayo boasted about resolving the battle in six games. Sina Sports News, Beijing time, April 29th. According to "Mysantonio", in the first round of the NBA playoffs, the Memphis Grizzlies lost 103-110 away to the San Antonio Spurs, and the overall score was tied at 3-2. The Grizzlies' generals said that they should have won the fifth battle, but this will not affect their fighting spirit in the sixth battle. In the final stage of the game, the Spurs were still trailing 92-95 by 3 points. At this point, Manu Ginobili hit a two pointer from the sideline in the last 2.2 seconds, bringing the score to 94-95. Subsequently, Zack Randolph made two free throws, helping the Grizzlies regain their 3-point lead, while the Spurs continued with a three-point shot from outside the three-point line by Gary Neal in their final attack, and both teams entered overtime. In extra time, the Grizzlies failed to hold on and ultimately lost 103-110. Afterwards, many people questioned the Grizzlies' tactical arrangements at the final moments of the game. There are generally two specific doubts: firstly, why didn't Randolph intentionally miss the second ball during the free throw, and then allow more time to pass in order to prevent the Spurs from having a chance to complete the game? Secondly, why didn't the Grizzlies take the initiative to foul during the final defense and then let Neil walk up to the free throw line? Even if he hits both of his free throws, the Grizzlies still have a one point lead. These questions were answered by the Grizzlies coach in a post game interview. In the final stage, I hope our players can expand their defense beyond the three-point line, even if they get 2 points, it doesn't matter, "Grizzlies coach Hollins said. We didn't do what we were supposed to do," but the Grizzlies players still have confidence in winning the series, Of course, we will keep the energy at home, and we only need to win one of the remaining two games, "Tony Allen said." Of course, we must win, but everyone needs to focus on dealing with the past championship. "Of course, O.J. Mayo is more confident, as he has made it clear that the Grizzlies will solve the battle in the next game:" We had a chance to end the series here, but we ended up with a bitter defeat. We must end the series on Friday
Vanessa instigates Gasol to break up, Kobe: What did you say about XX? Sina Sports News, Beijing time, May 8th (Dallas time, May 7th) - The Lakers conducted regular training at the Dallas Mavericks' training facility today. Kobe and Gasol were interviewed and responded to the recent rumors of the "women's scandal". Recently, the American gossip website Mediateout revealed that Gasol's poor performance was due to his girlfriend and fianc é e Sylvia breaking up with him. Sylvia was provoked by the wife of one of Gasol's teammates, and the website directly targeted Kobe's wife Vanessa. During today's training, a reporter asked Kobe and Gasol to verify this matter. Pau Gasol apparently read the report. When the reporter asked him about his chemical reaction with Kobe Bryant, he said, "I have a good relationship with Kobe Bryant. The chemical reaction is great. Nothing can destroy it. No matter what the rumor is or what it is made up, it will not affect it." Pau Gasol was hurt when the media broke out such a "lie": "People just want to find a reason for our failure." Kobe was completely unaware of the report. When the reporter asked him the question, he frowned and asked, "What?" Then the reporter repeated the story to him. There was a report on the website, and Kobe Bryant simply said, "No (this)." All the recording pens were withdrawn. After leaving, Kobe shook his head and asked the reporter, "What the fuck did you say?" The reporter showed him the news, Seeing the gossip on the reporter's phone, he felt helpless: 'They hardly know each other.' The implication was that it was even more unlikely to stir up a relationship between Gasol and his fianc é e. For the Lakers, since Kobe and Gasol personally proved that the infighting was non-existent, it is definitely a good thing for the team. Everyone works together, and the team still has hope of winning. (Sina Sports, Zhang Haiyan, from Dallas)
Daily Star: 9 out of 3!   The real reason why the Lakers suffered a heavy defeat in Game 4 today is one thing: the Mavericks were too accurate, so accurate that it was outrageous. They made 20 out of 32 three pointers, tying the postseason record for three pointers in a single game. To be more specific, the Mavericks' substitute shooting went crazy, they scored 86 points, and to be more specific, Terry and Peja, the two top scorers, delivered a god like performance: 16 out of 16 three-point shots and 15 out of 15. ESPN's John Hollinger once wrote about this group of opponents before the start of the series, mentioning the Mavericks' three-point shooting. Hollinger said that the Mavericks were grateful for their very accurate three-point shooting in the first round of the Trail Blazers series, but this advantage may be weakened in the game against the Lakers, because in the three regular season encounters between the two teams, the Mavericks' three-point shooting percentage was only 32.4%. As expected, the Mavericks' three-point advantage not only did not weaken, but was greatly expanded in this series: in the first game, the Mavericks made 9 out of 20 three-point attempts, while the Lakers made 5 out of 19 attempts. In the second game, the Mavericks made 8 out of 25 attempts. However, the Lakers' tragic 2 out of 20 attempts, the Mavericks made 12 out of 29 attempts in the third game, and the Lakers made 3 out of 13 attempts. In the fourth game, the Mavericks made 20 out of 32 attempts, with a shooting percentage of 62.5%, while the Lakers made 5 out of 24 attempts. The entire series is small, with the Bulls shooting 49 three pointers and a shooting percentage of 46.2%, but what about the Lakers? Only hit 15 goals, with a shooting percentage of 19.7%. It is precisely because of the inaccurate three-point shot that the Mavericks recklessly took over the interior, resulting in the losses of Gasol and others. Terry played a crucial role in the entire four "Battle of the Lake" games. Except for the slightly low shooting percentage in the second game, he had outstanding performances in the other three games. In the third game, he shot 7 out of 10 and scored 23 points. In today's game, Terry first hit a three pointer that turned the odds in the first quarter, giving the Mavericks a 4-point advantage in the first quarter. In the crucial second quarter, Terry's heroic performance turned the game into garbage time early on: he made 5 out of 6 three pointers in this quarter, scoring 17 points, which was higher than the Lakers' overall score. The Mavericks scored 36-16 in a single quarter, widening the lead to 24 points. In the third quarter of the game, Terry came on midway and scored three consecutive three pointers, completing a 2+1 run! Easily scoring 12 points, this super substitute has now scored 32 points in the first three quarters. After the game, Terry arrogantly said, 'I can't even see the basket when I make a shot!' He does have the capital to be arrogant: he makes 10 shots in a single game, scores 9 three pointers, and hits almost as many as the Lakers' total of the first three games (the Lakers made a total of 10 goals in the first three games). No wonder Mavericks fans call him the 'JetMVP'. Many people questioned the Mavericks before the start of the playoffs on the grounds that "jump shot teams are unreliable," but in this round of the semifinals, the Mavericks killed the Lakers with three pointers and jump shots. In fact, the jump shot is the most essential offensive weapon in basketball. As long as the team can reasonably guide the passes and create opportunities for open shooting, why is there the saying 'the jump shot team is not trustworthy'? Nowadays, this Mavericks team has placed more emphasis on the team, attacking, and winning the championship than the individual singles teams that fought separately a few years ago. (Papaya cubes)
Bulls teammates reveal in advance that Ross has won the MVP trophy, and the roses are in full bloom for the 10-11 season! Sina Sports News: Bulls backcourt CJ Watson revealed on his personal Weibo account that his teammate Derek Ross has been confirmed to win the 2010-11 regular season MVP award. The original Weibo post reads as follows: "Congratulations to Ross for receiving the MVP award. His performance this season has been incredible, and he deserves this honor. Next, what we need to do is look forward to winning the Coach of the Year award again! ”Every team that pays attention to this year's NBA regular season will find that Ross has become a super scorer, and opponents have no way to stop him from scoring. Once he successfully breaks through the opponent's perimeter defense, he can score with a layup under high-intensity physical contact. The biggest improvement he has made this season is his peripheral shooting ability - which used to be his biggest weakness, but now it has become a part of his offensive arsenal. In this season's regular season, Ross was able to score 25 points with a shooting percentage of 44.5% per game, along with 4.1 rebounds and 7.7 assists. Does this count as' MVP level 'data? Perhaps in the eyes of those who consider LeBron James as the MVP of this season's regular season, this data is slightly behind: James averaged 1.7 points and 3.4 rebounds per game compared to Ronaldo this season, and his 51% shooting percentage is also significantly higher than Ross, who only leads James in assists. From the data alone, James should be the MVP of this season. But the selection of MVP is not just based on data, there is a reason why Ross has such a high demand for MVP: his changes to the Bulls are even more earth shattering. His first step, his change of direction, his crucial shot, he commanded his teammates to coordinate every move of the tactics. Ross on the field seems like delicate and vivid characters in Leonardo da Vinci's works, each stroke so exquisite and beautiful. Ross not only brings us an absolute visual impact, not only his unsolvable pulls or buckles, but also a spiritual shock! The most undeniable aspect is the leadership style demonstrated by Ross this season. He initiated almost every attack of the Bulls. Although it cannot be said that other Bulls players are not awesome, it cannot be denied that all the players in this team except Ross are only second class stars or even role players. For this reason, Ross often has to face opponents' two or even three person bags. In the first round of the playoffs against the Pacers, other teams in the Bulls had struggled and were repeatedly pushed into dire situations by the Pacers. It was Ross who single handedly turned the tide. What is even more admirable is that the league's number one Bulls led by Ross have actually faced serious injury situations for a long time. Boozer was absent from 23 games due to injury, and the team's main center and defensive core, Joaqu í n Noah, was absent from 34 games. Considering that James' two superstar teammates have only missed a total of 11 games, it is even more difficult for Ross to lead the team to such excellent results. It is worth mentioning that Ross only missed one game this season, and the Bulls lost that game without a doubt. Ross played like an MVP, so he also won games like an MVP. For the media who hold the voting rights for MVP, what is even more eye-catching is that Ross, without the help of strong teammates, single handedly brought the Bulls, who only had 41 wins and 41 losses last year, to the league's current number one with 62 wins and 20 losses. This is what MVPs can do, such as Allen Iverson and LeBron James in the past - their teammates are decent, but without them, the entire team would find it difficult to win. Ross not only has outstanding personal performance, but he has also successfully made his teammates better. This is the meaning of 'most valuable'. Perhaps in terms of data, Ross has not yet reached the standard for winning MVP, but the fact is that in his third season, he is about to win this prestigious trophy. He is already one of the best leaders in the league, one of the best key players in the league, and the best player in this year's top team in the regular season. Let's applaud his outstanding performance this season! (Xihano)
As the game progressed, the Hawks basically maintained a formation with a large center left on the field - Collins and Zaza Pachulia alternated in the fifth position, which was also relatively rare in the first three games. Young coach John Drew is not stubborn or rigid at such an important moment, and a score of 100-88 is the best reward. In the last game, the Hawks lost to the Bulls, and Derek Ross' heroic form left a deep impression on the fans. But to say that the Bulls have better offensive and defensive quality than the Hawks may be somewhat impressionistic. In fact, the Hawks are not inferior to the Bulls in all offensive data, and the reason for their loss is simply that their offensive "quantity" is not as much as their opponents. This is because the Bulls grabbed too many offensive rebounds, fully ensuring that the missed bullets could be smoothly reloaded. It is precisely because of this that the Hawks have reorganized their old lineup, with at least the following intentions: firstly, the large lineup is definitely not inferior to the Bulls in terms of height and arm span, and rebounding protection is no longer a battlefield that must be lost; Secondly, although Collins and Pachulia have average attacking power, the scoring efficiency of the Bulls' interior team is not as stable as in the regular season, which has been tested through actual combat and has given the Hawks the courage to compete with their opponents; Thirdly, the division of labor among the top generals is more clear, and there is no longer the dilemma of neglecting one aspect over another. The third point is particularly important. The Bulls played the Pacers in the first round, and in many games, the opponent's interior team focused on helping defense Rose break through, but the rebounds were also exhausted. This indicates that Ross's destructive power is sufficient to change the opponent's center of gravity in the game. But now the Hawks have had Smith and Marvin Williams, two sporty swingmans, take turns as small forwards, ensuring that there is always a point in the third position that can balance defense, and the inside players can also focus more on rebounding protection. In addition, Horford, who does not play as a center forward, played the fast break arrow very well, and his advantage of having experience in defending the Jorkin Noah position was also invalidated. Is there any tactical flaw in the way the eagle fights? Of course, if Rose's hand feel is as good as in the previous game, or if a group of shooters such as Kyle Cowell can score from the outside, the Hawks will have to pay the price for their defensive style. But on the one hand, they bet that Ross couldn't be so accurate in the game, and on the other hand, they bet that the previous round's Magic shooting team had gained experience and knew how to use their mobility to balance the defense of the inside and outside lines as much as possible. Interestingly, after two rounds of the series, the Hawks' lineup has caused huge trouble for the top two MVP voters, Ross and Dwight Howard. The positions of the two are completely different, but they both play from the inside. The Hawks, in order to deal with the Magic's carefully crafted large lineup, still come in handy against the Bulls, which is undoubtedly a very interesting aspect of the NBA. (Abdul Cat)
This is likely to be the last year of the Zen master, and Kobe talked a lot about his relationship with Phil Jackson: "We sat next to each other on the team plane. We talked a lot and often made some 'tough' jokes. (Regarding letting Phil leave in this way) I was disappointed. I had the opportunity to spend some time with him before coming here, and it was sad because it ended in this way. But we will remember the good times we spent in the past, last year and the year before." Kobe had worked with Jackson from 1999-2004, winning three consecutive championships with O'Neal, and worked with Jackson again from 2005-2011, winning two consecutive championships. When talking about the difference between the two collaborations, Kobe said: The first time, I learned a lot from him; the second time, more because he was more open to me. I trust him more, but on the first try, I didn't actually trust him that way. The second time, we will have many conversations that only belong to two people. I understand that his state was different the first time. He needed to take care of the big guy (O'Neal), but we didn't have this problem the second time, so it was easy for both of us. ”When asked if he thought Phil Jackson would coach again, Kobe denied, "No." When asked about what he would miss the most about Jackson in the future, he said, "Just talking to him." Kobe said that although the Zen master had said he was "untraceable" before, these were all in the past and he didn't like to accept or apologize. Kobe also said that he will continue to have heart to heart talks with the Zen master in the future. When the Zen master leaves, naturally someone will take over his position, and one of the favorites is Lakers assistant coach Brian Shaw. Kobe has always supported him: "(His advantage is his familiarity with the team), he has good relationships with everyone, and you are very clear about your role in the team. In the future, no matter who becomes the head coach, things will be different, and we cannot rely on what Phil did before." (Sina Sports, Zhang Haiyan, from Los Angeles)
Off City Expert: The fate of the point guard draw is unpredictable, with a probability of 0.5% for the Rockets' top pick. Sina Sports News, May 14th, Beijing time. Rockets General Manager Morey plans to have Lori attend the draw on the 18th, which will determine the ranking of the Rockets' lottery show? Jerome Solomon, a columnist for the Chronicle, wrote an article and expressed his own evaluation on this matter. The full text is translated as follows: We should not be superstitious, but I believe that there are some Rockets fans who are quite superstitious. For example, the Chronicle often receives emails from fans saying that I (Solomon himself) am a disaster star for the Rockets because I don't support them enough. But in reality, I am a loyal fan of the Rockets, and I am truly good for this team. Returning to the topic, Morey announced on Twitter that he will send Lowry to participate in the lottery draw ceremony for the lottery district next week in New Jersey. Perhaps Morey should not send another starting point guard to participate in this activity. In the history of the Rockets, they have sent players to participate in this event twice, both as starting point guards and both without good results for the Rockets. Francis was traded away, and Brooks wasn't even able to secure a starting position before being replaced. Brooks was the representative of the Rockets last year, but I believe everyone can see how his results turned out later. This season, he first suffered a serious injury, then was replaced by Lori in the starting position, and finally was traded away. As for Francis, his fate is not much better. Although he selected Yao Ming for the Rockets, two years after Yao Ming joined, he angered the team's internal rules by watching the Super Bowl and was traded. It seems that the players who participated in this activity had a bad ending. The general manager of the Rockets, Morey, is a person who enjoys playing number games and is very superstitious about numbers and luck. He once said, "Good luck is when people encounter good things that were not planned in advance." As someone like him, he should pay more attention to these things. It is worth mentioning that in 1983 and 1984, the Rockets won the first overall pick consecutively, both of which were directly selected by Rockets owner Thomas at the time. The Rockets have two first round draft picks and one second round draft pick this year, with the lower two picks already confirmed, 23rd and 38th respectively. Lori's task is to bet on the top three picks using the 14th ranked picks, with a 0.5% chance of winning the first pick, a 0.6% chance of winning the second pick, and a 0.7% chance of winning the exploration pick. Morey has made up his mind to let Lori take a gamble. While we pray for him to bring good luck to the Rockets, we also want good luck ourselves. (Big Faced Cat)
Direct Strike - Grizzlies rookie's three-point comeback, hero Conley almost becomes a historical criminal. Sina Sports News: In overtime, the Thunder relied on core Kevin Durant, who had already found his touch, to lead the way. During this time, there was a controversial out of bounds penalty by the referee. In the last 17 seconds, Westbrook made a mistake, but Conley, who launched a counterattack after taking the ball, suddenly took a three-point shot. At this time, they were only one point behind 106-107, and the so-called success was Conley, but the loss was also Conley. Helpless, they had to choose the Grizzlies who committed fouls, losing Conley and Mayo (6 fouls and leaving the field). But in the last 9 seconds, the Grizzlies tied the score with Vasquez 'super three pointer. Durant missed the three-point shot in the final moments, missing another game winning opportunity, and both teams entered the second overtime. (Xihano)
Rocket expert: Martin Scola is not for sale, Yao Ming will accept low salary. Jonathan Feigen, a reporter from Sina Sports News Houston Chronicle, interacted with fans on his blog and answered some interesting topics raised by fans. Here are some excerpts: A netizen named YI asked: Can we hire a player as our head coach? If possible, how about hiring Hayes as the head coach? Answer: Yes, that's entirely possible. The league does not prohibit players from serving as head coaches. The problem is that few players can prepare for games like a head coach. I have also talked to Hayes a few times, and if he becomes the head coach of the University of Kentucky in the future, his reputation will definitely surpass that of an NBA player. A netizen named The, Dude asked: Is it possible for the Rockets to trade Kevin Martin or Scola for high draft picks? Answer: It's possible, depending on how high the draft pick is. A netizen named DaveRave asked: Badinger's defense is always criticized by you, but Warrell (a local radio sports host in Houston) said his defense has improved this season. Can you share your opinion? Answer: He has made progress, but he has not improved in one-on-one environments, especially when facing physically strong or fast-paced opponents. He lacks strength and lacks agility in movement. A netizen named Lemons asked: How has Yao Ming recovered from his injury? Has his foot undergone X-ray examination? What do you think his next contract will be like?   If he returns, I think he can accept a cheap quotation contract, but in the case of unclear labor negotiation agreements, I find it difficult to give specific numbers. A netizen named Texas asked: What do you think are the chances of Yao Ming's comeback? Answer: No one can predict, but the recent injury is not the kind that will end his career, which gives him a good opportunity to return to the field. A netizen named The, Dude asked: Will Stan Van Gundy be fired after the Magic lost to the Hawks? Answer: There is no sign at all. Jack's netizen: Jeff Van Gundy still has a house here, maybe he will come back? Answer: He just came back for vacation, this is his home. A netizen named Michael asked: How is Calipari? Although he is not the type of coach like Tiber Du, what he did at the University of Kentucky is not much different from what he did in the NBA. How is Joerg? Answer: Calipari has NBA experience, so I did not exclude him. But the feeling the Rockets give me is that they are looking for a coach of the Tiber Du type. Joerg combines the above advantages. (Big Faced Cat)
[Playoff] Celtics vs. Heat, Rondo lightly injured but unable to leave the front line. Sina Sports News: On May 12th Beijing time, the Heat returned home to face the Celtics in their fifth game. If they win this game, the Heat will advance to the Eastern Conference Finals first. Before the match, two teams of players appeared on the field to warm up. (Sina Sports, photographed by Li Shuangfu)
Zack Randolph scored 21 points and grabbed 21 rebounds, Mike Conley scored 18 points, and Marc Gasol scored 16 points and grabbed 7 rebounds. OJ Mayo, who came off the bench, scored 18 points. Russell Westbrook scored 23 points, provided 12 assists, and grabbed 6 rebounds, while Kevin Durant scored 22 points and grabbed 12 rebounds. Both of them did not score a single point in extra time, and Westbrook made 6 outs in the final moments. Sergi Ibaka scored 14 points and grabbed 8 rebounds, while James Harden scored 12 points. Randolph had never been so deep into the playoffs before, and he quickly learned a lesson: he must rest more. In the game that eliminated the Spurs, he scored a career high of 31 points in the playoffs, and in the Thunder's debut game, he once again broke the record by scoring 34 points. However, in the second game, he only made 2 out of 13 shots, with only 15 points. He believes that taking three consecutive days off may help him find his form. The Thunder not only hit Westbrook and Durant consecutively, but also hit Ibrahimovic, who was injured, with a dunk from the beginning. Sevrosa hit the basket well, and the Thunder started with an 11-4 run. Randolph's aerial relay layup resulted in one goal, and Gasol hit twice thereafter. The Grizzlies began to counterattack, narrowing the gap to one point at one point. After the first quarter, the Grizzlies fell behind 20-22. The Grizzlies took the lead in the second quarter, with 7 minutes and 02 seconds left. After Arthur made two free throws and one shot, they still led 31-30. Harden broke through and made a layup, resulting in a foul. He took three consecutive shots and free throws, and Westbrook then made one pass and one attack. The Thunder played a 10-0 run, gaining a 40-31 advantage. The Thunder won 31-21 in a single quarter and led 51-43 in the first half. Westbrook launched a stronger attack in the third quarter. At 7 minutes and 12 seconds left in this quarter, he made a successful mid-range shot, followed by a steal from his teammate. He then committed a foul, resulting in two free throws and two hits. Halfway through this quarter, Westbrook made a three-point run, Durant also made a mid-range shot, and the Thunder scored 9 points in a row, gaining a 16 point advantage with a score of 68-52. Randolph finally managed to score one goal, while Mayo also scored three points, but the Grizzlies failed to narrow the gap to single digits this quarter. Westbrook scored 11 points in a single quarter, and the Thunder ended the first three quarters 76-63. The Grizzlies started to exert their strength in the fourth quarter, hitting 6-0 at the beginning of this quarter, while the Thunder only scored their first goal after playing for nearly 3 minutes. Halfway through this quarter, after Mayo and Conley hit three pointers, the Grizzlies began the season with a 16-6 attack wave, bringing the score to 79-82. The Thunder suddenly fell into a predicament, with Westbrook and Durant both losing their senses under strict guard. The Grizzlies continued to counterattack, and with 2 minutes and 21 seconds left in the game, Allen made two free throws and hit one. The Grizzlies took the lead 85-84, marking their first second half lead. Westbrook and Durant continued to miss shots afterwards, while the Grizzlies still took two free throws and one shot, leading by 2 points. The Thunder failed to score within 4 minutes, and with 52.9 seconds left in the game, Westbrook made two free throws to equalize the score. Both teams subsequently missed their shots, with the Grizzlies controlling the last 4 seconds. Randolph missed his shot, and both sides entered overtime with a score of 86-86. The Grizzlies scored 4 points in a row after overtime, gaining the upper hand. Durant and Westbrook were unable to draw, while the Grizzlies kept attacking the basket. With 56.8 seconds left in the game, Gasol made two free throws and the Grizzlies led 96-90. Thunder Gemini is mute and powerless to turn the world around. Thunder's starting lineup: Russell Westbrook, Saab Sevrosa, Kendrick Perkins, Kevin Durant, and Sergi Ibaka. Grizzlies starting lineup: Mike Conley, Tony Allen, Marc Gasol, Zack Randolph, and Sam Young. [Technical Statistics] [On site Photos] [Competition Record] (Angkor)
Kobe, the super shark, drowned in the shallow waters. He declared his pursuit of Jordan shattered with a 3-0 scoreless victory. Sina Sports News: The Western Conference semifinals between the Lakers and Mavericks were held in an unexpected way, and when the Dallas guard claimed the championship, they collapsed at the last minute and were overturned by their opponents, falling behind 0-3 on aggregate and almost sentenced to death. Kobe Bryant did not perform to his full potential in this life and death battle, scoring only 17 points. In fact, this is a game of great historical significance for Kobe. Prior to this game, Kobe's NBA career playoff total score was 5246 points, only 2 points away from his former teammate Shaquille O'Neal. It is certain that he will surpass the Sharks to become the third most active player in history. Flying Man scored 4 points in just over 1 minute at the beginning of the second quarter, surpassing O'Neal. At present, Kobe's total postseason points have reached 5263, ranking third in NBA history. Michael Jordan ranks first in history with 5987 points, while Abdul Jabbar ranks second with 5762 points. Kobe needs to score another 500 points to surpass the skyhook in order to take a step forward. Want to surpass Jordan? The difference of 724 points is like a natural barrier for Kobe, who is now 32 years old. What saddens Kobe even more is that his playoff journey this year is highly likely to end in the Western Conference semifinals. Being 0-3 behind, no team has ever successfully turned the tide in history, and this topic has been mentioned countless times. Not to mention, currently Pau Gasol's form is not the worst, only worse, while Dirk Nowitzki's feel is not the best, only better. Kobe himself is also quite miserable. Apart from scoring 36 points in the first game, his offense in the following two games was far from normal. And while he scored 36 points in the first game, he didn't even have one assist. Such performance is not even worthy of being the league's top player, not to mention the team leader. Before the start of this series, many people predicted that Kobe would be undefended by the Mavericks, and the average height of the backcourt players that the Dallas people could use was the lowest in the league. Sean Marion was no longer the league's top defensive team back then. Everyone thought Kobe was about to go on a killing spree, but he only scored 40 points in the last two games combined. Especially in today's game, the Mavericks used Jason Kidd alone to defend Kobe, but this misplaced defense actually strangled Kobe to death. Kidd's defense is seasoned and tough, and his task completion is unexpectedly good. The Mavericks were able to easily take a 3-0 lead, and Kidd's contribution is actually no less than Nowitzki's. Being guarded by a pure point guard without any disrespect towards Kidd is definitely a shame for Kobe. Kobe Bryant only got one free throw chance in the whole game. He still executed a technical foul free throw, and showed no destructive performance. It's normal for the Lakers to lose. If Andrew Bynum had not given power, the defending champion would have lost miserably today. How can Kobe, who has dominated the league for many years, bear to lose the ball and face elimination or even sweeping? Two seconds before the end of the game, the Lakers were already destined to lose. After Kobe took the ball from outside the three-point line, he casually threw it and threw a three no touch. With this three no touch, Kobe's dream of catching up with Jordan for two consecutive three championships can be said to have been officially shattered. (Mao Mao)
Kobe's first playoff bullfight in 14 years: Dallas is at the championship level!   In early April, when the two teams faced each other face-to-face during the regular season, they almost had a physical altercation, looking like a "world enemy". But looking back at the history of the playoffs, the last time the Lakers and Mavericks met in the playoffs was 23 years ago. For Kobe, this Western Conference semifinal with the Mavericks will also be his first playoff "bullfight" in his career. Facing a strong opponent, Kobe is ready. Facing the Mavericks, I dare not underestimate them. After eliminating the Hornets on the road, the sixth game of the first round between the Mavericks and the Trail Blazers has just begun. So during the post game press conference, Kobe didn't know who their next opponent would be. A reporter asked him to talk about his outlook for the next round, and Kobe shook his head and laughed.   Due to the fact that the first game of the second round will not be played until May 3rd Beijing time, the Lakers have nearly 4 days to rest. After Jackson gave the team a day off, on the afternoon of April 30th local time, the entire Lakers team began preparing for the second round of targeted training at a training facility located near the Los Angeles airport. Including on-site practice and video analysis, a practice class lasted nearly three hours. Due to an ankle injury, Kobe did not participate in the team's joint training, but he still appeared on the training ground.   Are they a championship level team? Of course they are, "this should be Kobe's highest evaluation of the Mavericks." If it weren't for the Spurs dominating the regular season, I wouldn't be surprised that Dallas is now ranked first in the Western Conference. "On that day, Kobe wore a black T-shirt with the words" Nike Basketball "printed on it, looking particularly relaxed. As a result, the questions raised by journalists have become increasingly diverse. Kobe, do you have the T-shirt from Barnes and Artest? ”A journalist who has been with the team for a long time asked. He refers to the black T-shirt that Barnes made and distributed after the Lakers clashed with the Mavericks at home during the regular season. On the front, there is a combination of Ron Artest and Barnes with half of their faces together, accompanied by a sentence aimed at the calf: If Ron Artest didn't kill you first, then Matt Barnes will kill you too! What? Do you ask me if I have that T-shirt? ”Kobe was a little skeptical of his ears. "Are you joking with me or really asking me?" Seeing that the other person was serious, Kobe smiled helplessly and rolled his eyes, saying, "I really don't have one." "What do you think of that T-shirt? ”This gentleman still refuses to give up. I think... I think, "Kobe stuttered a bit, showing a rare silly expression," I think it's very interesting, very beautiful... "Amidst the laughter, Kobe smiled helplessly again, saying he couldn't understand someone asking him such a question during a formal training interview. Until the end of the nearly 6-minute interview, when Kobe saw that the reporter was about to ask another question, he immediately joked, "Isn't it still a follow-up question about that T-shirt? ”After receiving a negative answer, Kobe allowed him to start asking questions. Kobe, now think about it, if you didn't make that equalizing three-point shot during the regular season against the Kings, you wouldn't have a home advantage against the Mavericks. Looking back now, do you feel the significance of that shot? "Faced with this nonsensical question, Kobe blurted out without even thinking," I didn't feel it. I thought it over carefully before answering you, just like when answering your T-shirt question. I didn't feel it! ”It's strange that the foot injury hasn't healed and won't affect the game. As two strong teams in the Western Conference, the Lakers haven't encountered the Mavericks in the playoffs for 23 years. In other words, Kobe has never faced this Texas team in the playoffs in his career. Originally, there was no such thing as a "world feud" between the two teams, but due to Terry's malicious foul on Blake at the end of the regular season, the two teams had a falling out, which led to the birth of that T-shirt. We are the kind of team that gets better and better every round in the playoffs, "Kobe's implication is that the Lakers' form against the Mavericks will definitely exceed their previous performance," because we are constantly learning and improving in the playoffs. "Kobe was interviewed at the training center and was very relaxed from start to finish, because until the first game of both sides, Kobe had valuable time to rest and recover. For Kobe, rest is more beneficial than training. Kobe sprained his ankle in the fourth game against the Hornets, and he has refused to undergo any imaging examinations except for massage and therapy. I will play no matter what, "this is Kobe's reason. Jenny Buss once said that Kobe was the first and only player she knew who refused to undergo X-rays and MRI examinations. However, Buss added," He is Kobe, with a strong will to win, and he will overcome everything. "But Jenny Buss' boyfriend, Lakers coach Jackson, was very cautious about Kobe's injury." Anyway, his ankle affected him, "Zen said. That's why Jackson didn't ask Kobe to participate in team training, but instead urged him to seek treatment as soon as possible. "In the second round of the playoffs, I don't really want him to participate in too much training," Jackson said in an interview, and he also revealed that Kobe is still a bit lame when walking and his twisted ankle is affecting his movement. Unlike the coach's concerns, since his ankle sprain, Kobe has not talked much about his injury. Even when he appeared in front of the media with his crutches, he never said he would not play. In the fifth game, he even gave the Hornets two explosive dunks, which scared Okafor so much that he couldn't believe his eyes. On the 30th US time, when asked again how Kobe felt about his ankle, he simply replied calmly, "Not bad." As for his injury, the media can only hear valuable information from his teammates and coach. Kobe himself has always been indifferent, saying, "After I got injured, I played well in the first game, I played well in the second game, and I will still play in the next round." Hearing Kobe himself say this, no one dares to delve deeper. In fact, what everyone wants to know is just how much pain his ankle is and how much impact it has on him. But Kobe never said these things, and it's hard to tell from his performance on the court. And what you can see off the field is his left ankle wrapped in black tape and his limping gait. He would lie in bed, covering his head with a towel for the masseur to treat, apply ice and heat, and then go back and forth. And when he stands up, all you can see is his calm face, or smiling at his teammates, or joking with the trainer, without showing his teeth. He is so happy, tenacious, and powerful.
Deep Insight Observation: Analysis of the Battle Power between New and Old Giants: What kind of person does the Green Army lack the most? Sina Sports News Once again? Why has the Kai team always started high and started low in the regular season in recent years? Why did they stumble and stumble, but come so close to winning the championship last year? Can the Green Army, who are one year older now, perform magic again? Returning to the locker room, everyone was there, but there was no trophy. It seemed like we had lost our best friend, "Paul Pierce recalled the scene after the seventh game of the NBA Finals, still unforgettable. In the summer of 2010, Ray Allen became depressed and frustrated because of this. He also tasted the bitterness of defeat. He soaked in the gym and bet with young people to run on the treadmill, with dense and crazy steps, just like every time he took a three-point line outside to catch and shoot, but the shadow of defeat "couldn't be cast away throughout the summer". At the worst moment to lose, lose to the worst opponent. For Boston, that was destined to be a black memory. Rivers and two ace perimeter renewals were not yet scheduled, and KG seemed a bit lost. "The three of us need to see Doug's decision first, then Paul and I need to listen to what Ray has to say, and finally I need to see Paul's. Fortunately, they all chose to stay and were determined to fight for another year. Boston has an incredibly glorious past, and they deeply understand the great responsibility. "Angie completed the most important task of the summer. However, maintaining the status quo is a false proposition, as no one can seal an aging team in the torrent of time. Offensive dilemma defense has been Boston's label since the formation of the Big Three, and they are still the best defensive team in the league today. However, for a long time, the team's offense has become increasingly unsettling. In the last two rounds of last year's playoffs, they only scored over 100 points once, and in the final two games of the NBA Finals, they both scored less than 80 points. In the first half of this season, they had a shooting percentage of over 50%, but after becoming an All Star, they have been struggling and have only scored over 90 points in two out of ten consecutive games. The lack of attacking skills in the final moments is no longer accidental. Boston did not score in the last three minutes against the Mavericks, scored 2 points in the last four minutes against the Nets, suffered a 16-0 defeat against the Bobcats in the last quarter, and suffered a 15-26 comeback against the Hawks in the last quarter... Boston's defense may still be able to fight to the end, but the offensive dilemma cannot be ignored. Will the teams of N giants fall into offensive difficulties? It sounds strange, but the fact is so. The Kai team has a long criticized attacking habit - no matter how rich their tactical positioning is, they always overly rely on jump shots to end their attack. Even though their shooting percentage was exceptionally high in the first half of the season, it was because they had a "hot touch". At the end of last year, Data Emperor Huo Lingge wrote a special article expressing concern about the Celtics' extremely high shooting percentage (especially two-point shooting) and poor second offense ability, because two-point shooting accuracy is "the most unstable and unsustainable". The Lakers have a high shot in the interior, the Bulls and Heat are full of athletic ability, while the Celtics can only rely more on shooting accuracy. According to the laws of nature, it is impossible for any team's shots to be consistently accurate. Therefore, when the hand feel drops and there is a lack of other scoring methods, the team's attack becomes difficult and natural, and Huo Lingge's doubts are fulfilled. Why is there no other better attacking method besides jump shot, with the help of the all-around king, the attacking kaleidoscope, the all-time top three-point breakup, and Rondo? Firstly, the three giants are no longer at their peak, and after coming together, they have adjusted their respective playing styles for the team system. Ray Allen gradually transitioned from an all-around warrior on the outside to a pure pitcher, Pierce reduced his possession of the ball in singles, and KG was also a graceful interior pitcher dominated by jump shots when he was young. Rondo's breakthrough is sharp, but his shooting technique is catching up with the shark, always being released by the opponent by two meters, and his breakthrough power is halved on its own. The entire team is overly rigorous, but lacks vitality. There are no reckless fighters who are not stingy, no solo breakthrough players, the frontcourt rebounding is at the bottom of the league, and even with the premise of having Ray Allen, the team's three-point hand count is third to last in the league. Last season in the regular season, the Celtics were swept by the energetic Hawks, with two of them allowing Crawford to charge left and right in the last five minutes without anyone to stop them. It can be said that they were directly killed by their most lacking character. In the seventh game of the NBA Finals, Kobe tilted the basket in the first three quarters, but in the fourth quarter, he made 9 free throws and used his impact to solve the scoring drought when neither side's shooting was reliable. However, the Celtics did not score a single point in five minutes and watched their opponents win the cup. The discipline and tactical execution of the Celtics are beyond words, but basketball games are not simply about 3D tactical boards. Often, you need someone on the team who can solve problems even if they don't play reasonably. Not to mention Kobe, LeBron, and Wade, younger players like Rose and Durant also have this ability. Celtics giants like Lin really need to find someone who can dominate the court, but it's really difficult. Nowadays, it is rare to see Pierce's style as the chief backer on the outside, and it is becoming increasingly difficult to break through cheating fouls. Starting from the 34th, he began to use more face basket pullbacks or single block dry pull jump shots. Lei's three-point attack is fierce enough, but it requires precise tactical coordination and high-quality cover. Garnett was still the top scorer for the Celtics in the 2008 playoffs, but he dropped to fourth place last year. Jordan once responded to Old Winter by saying, "There's no, 'I', in, team, but, 'I', in, win." (The team doesn't need to emphasize the individual, but winning requires it.) Today's Celtics place too much emphasis on the team and lack I. Angie knew that before the trade deadline last year, they traded in Nate Robinson to boost their energy, but the latter's height defect and dribbling shot often made the team lose more than they gained, and then boldly planned the Green trade. Pierce said, "We are the most united team, and everyone gets along like family." Even Weaver can say, "I learned how to play basketball to win championships, defense, teamwork, chemistry." But actual combat is another matter. Weaver's habit of working alone still makes it difficult for him to integrate into the team's attacking system, with limited playing time, and Green is clearly uncomfortable with his new role positioning. But the Big Four are still here, and the playing style of the main team will not change significantly. To improve the vitality and diversity of the team's attack, we still need to tap into the potential from the substitutes. The Celtics' pursuit of team basketball has reached a point of excessive dependence. Rivers always likes to say, 'As long as all five of our starting players are there, we are invincible' (now a legend), but this statement actually means that 'if one of the five starting players is missing, we will lose'. This team is like a precision instrument, every component is indispensable. The slump of Rondo after All Star directly led to the team's offensive sluggishness and shooting percentage plummeting by nearly 10 percentage points. Rivers couldn't help but curse, "We played very selfishly!" Why did the most selfless team become selfish? Perhaps it can be understood that long-term clear division of labor has led to specialization in the functions of each player, making it difficult for others to fill the gap when one player is injured or depressed. Of course, the Mavericks cannot be without Deke, and the Bulls cannot be without Rose, but the Celtics need all four giants to stay healthy, and the risks they bear are much greater. After winning the championship in 2008, the Celtics have been plagued by injuries every year, with a continuous wave of injuries in the past two years. This is a side effect of the team's aging and slow paced, heavily defensive playing style, which is almost impossible to eradicate and can only be compensated for through other means. There is no need to mention the reimbursement of KG in 2009. Last year, Perkins' fall caught us off guard, and the three person rotation of the interior team had their rebounds broken in the last two games. So as soon as the offseason arrived, the management solidified the inside, with the thickness of the penalty area being chilling for the big and small players, Perkins, Elden, KG, and Big Baby. Even after the buzzer trade, six inside players were still retained. But the frequent injuries have made the team never truly have this luxury, and even at one point only Sharks, KG, and Big Baby struggled to support themselves. Health is the nectar that the Celtics crave the most. The direct consequence of player aging is a decline in physical fitness. Last season, the Kai team led by double digits in three quarters and had the highest number of reversals in the league. In the playoffs, they only won one game when they fell behind in three quarters, and their physical weakness was highlighted by their seven point loss in the finals. Back to back, it has become a torture for this team with a large number of veterans. This season, they have lost 11 out of 19 back-to-back games, while the Miami Heat, who have also won 19 back-to-back games, have only lost 4 of them. It is difficult for Xiao and Xiao Ao to perform efficiently for more than 25 minutes, and KG has also kept their regular season playing time within 33 minutes. The starting veteran wants more breathing time, and the substitute must have quality assurance, which is the key word for any playoff team. But throughout the entire season, it has become a routine for substitutes to dig holes and for main players to fill them in. How many times have I watched the positive numbers of the first five players in the+/- value column and the negative numbers of the entire substitute list complement each other after the game, making me want to cry without tears. Whenever the substitute is hit with a climax by the opponent, they have to switch to the main player in advance, and the role of the veteran players is rarely reduced. The wing side substitute has reached the weakest point. Perhaps people still have vivid memories of Posey's performance in 2008, and Tony Allen's defense in last year's NBA Finals was also unforgettable - now even ranking first among defenders in the DPOY voting. And considering the desperate gamble on the salaries of the Big Four, Danny Anji did not leave any of them behind, which has been proven to be a mistake. Although Pierce now has star substitutes like Green, regardless of reputation and data, his adhesion to the team system may not be as reliable as Percy and Allen's. And lower tier players like Weaver and Pavlovic are even more difficult to relieve Lei's worries. The worst consequence among them is that the Green Army can no longer find an external barrier to share the pressure of the main defense. Regardless of the upcoming Heat duo or even Kobe Bryant, the immense defensive pressure from Pierce and Ray Allen is enough to leave Bruce Bowen scratching his head during his peak. The paradox is that Ray Allen's current offensive tactics heavily rely on physical fitness, and excessive consumption on the defensive end can have a negative chain reaction. Sweeping the New York Celtics, they finished the regular season with 56 wins, third in the Eastern Conference, and sixth in the league. Just looking at these numbers, it seems much better than last season, but compared to their main championship contenders this year, the Celtics have almost lost their home advantage and the difficulty of winning the championship has not decreased at all. Boston vs New York, widely regarded as the most suspenseful group match in the Eastern Conference's first round, seems to be a reasonable prediction based on the reality: the Celtics have a record of 16 wins and 12 losses after the All Star Game (with the last 20 games evenly split), Rondo is not in form, and injured players recover while others fall; On the other hand, the Knicks have two superstar players at their peak and a point guard born for the playoffs. On the championship odds list, the Celtics are ranked fifth by gambling companies, and even the famous Kemi Simmons believes that 'if you play against the Lakers, the Lakers will definitely win'. However, at the end of the second weekend of the playoffs, people were surprised to find that the Lakers were in a tough battle, the Spurs were on the brink of elimination, and the Celtics had won all four games, becoming the first team in the league to advance to the second round. More crucial than the sweep itself is that they have at least six days of rest time, and their physical fitness can be maximally replenished. This is particularly important considering that the next round will start with the expedition to Miami. People who underestimate the Green Army will still find excuses: Xiao Si is troubled by a back injury, and Billups is watching from the sidelines... But let's get back to reality. If Xiao Si's "phenomenal" performance of 9 out of 37 in the last three games is still due to injuries as an excuse, then Anthony, apart from one stunning game, only has 19 out of 58 shots and an average of 4 errors per game, who should be blamed for it? In four games, New York's shooting percentage has never exceeded 44%, with no more than 100 points scored, and every game is played in Celtics mode. What's the surprise if a team can't fit the game into their own rhythm from start to finish in a series and is swept away? On the other hand, the Celtics have four games and four team scoring champions, which is their typical winning mode. Last year's playoffs, the team's highest scorer changed hands in 17 consecutive games, with six players taking turns to "dominate", setting a historical record in the NBA. Rondo miraculously regained his courage, benefiting his teammates immensely. But we cannot ignore the sluggishness of the Celtics' substitutes. Green had no highlights except for his big three pointers in the second game, Davis was sometimes good and sometimes bad, West had poor hand feel (it is strange how a right wrist injury affects left-handed shooting so much), Kostic and Weaver had few playing opportunities due to their transparent defense... Throughout the entire series, except for Davis in the fourth game, there were no substitutes who scored double points. In 2008, the Green Army fought seven tough matches against Lao Ba from the first round and ultimately won the championship; Last year, they ran over the Miami Heat 4-1 in the first round, but ultimately ended up losing. So it's hard to say that sweeping New York now means more, the real test hasn't started yet. It is strictly prohibited to bypass the upcoming showdown between the new and old three giants. LeBron will face his biggest enemy who has rushed out of the East for the third time in four years. The first two times, the Kai team almost ended the Emperor and his Imperial Guard in the same way, but the latter has now switched guns and birds. In the opening game of the regular season, the Celtics still defeated the Miami Heat. When asked by reporters after the game if Miami was the top team in the Eastern Conference, Rondo coldly replied, "We are the ones." Two weeks later, in the battle against the Cavaliers, the Celtics replicated their restraint method and laughed until the end. My Emperor is still the same Emperor, but Wade has become Mo, Bosh has become Hickson, and in the two games, Ray Allen's 12 three-point runs and Rondo's 33 assists have left DJB helpless. The result of the third encounter is still the same, but at the end of the season, the new Big Three finally exploded and went on a crazy revenge. However, considering the changes in the lineup and the impact of injuries and illnesses over the course of a season, the reference value of regular season wins and losses is already limited. Ray Allen and Rondo remain the Celtics' biggest strengths, causing headaches for both the Heat and former Cavaliers. Wade's overall ability is certainly superior to that of Ray, and his ball defense is also quite good. However, he always plays awkwardly against Ray, and his strength cannot be matched. Bibi and Chalmers are definitely not opponents of Rondo who are in full form. Perhaps Spoelstra can learn from the Lakers' approach, allowing Wade to defend Rondo while Ruby or Chalmers follow Ray in circles. This season, Wade is no longer just a hat brushing king on the defensive end. He has surpassed Kobe in scoring, shooting percentage, and offensive efficiency by suppressing opponents, leading the league's guards. As for the footsteps of Bibi and Chalmers, they are never slower than Old Fish. But ultimately, the decisive factor that froze Ray Allen was his own touch. Miami is betting on luck. Since last year's semifinals, Pierce no longer has the ability to confront LeBron and can only accept the fact of being completely suppressed. Even with an elbow injury, the emperor still prevented the leather team from gaining any advantage. Facing LeBron, who is completely healthy and has no way out this year, Pierce should remain calm even after being completely defeated. They have never lost a series due to a disadvantage in one position, nor are they afraid of the power of a single superstar. Some people say Bosh is not Jamison, while others use Xiao Si's first playoff game to wreak havoc on the Kai team's interior to prove that the Green Army's defense is not as good as it used to be. But Bosh's outstanding dribbling and finishing abilities in the basket are far from those of Xiao Si. During his year with the Heat, he also played more of a role in receiving LeBron/Wade's high jump shots. Such opponents are KG's favorite, and both Lewis and Jamison can testify. However, Bosh's low-level defensive ability is not on par with that of Xiaosi. Although KG is aging and focuses on defense, they still have the ability to play on weak points. Perhaps Bosh will explode in a certain match, but throughout the entire series, I still believe that Old KG will be the winner of this match. Anji dared to sell Perkins, and his biggest gamble was nothing more than double Olympic rehabilitation. He expressed his expectations in the playoffs and admitted to the media about it. Although Xiao Aokeng's comeback performance after one season is gratifying, the Knicks' center cannot be used as a judge at all. They at least need a thicker barrier - Shaquille O'Neal - not just on the defensive end. According to BasketballValue data, the defensive efficiency of the Sharks and Big Four duo is 99, higher than the season average of 100.3; Not only that, the offensive efficiency of this starting team reached 117.8, even far higher than the league's top Nuggets' 112.3! The 39 year old shark has poor data, but his role on the field is much more objective than the data. Unlike the former Suns and Cavaliers, Boston is the team that truly needs him. The big battle is approaching, and the young and home dominant Heat seems to be more favored by people. But this is not the first time LeBron's team has been favored, nor is it the first time the Celtics have been underestimated. Before the 2008 NBA Finals, 9 out of 10 ESPN powerhouses bet on the Lakers to win the championship; Before the semi-finals of 2010, it was still these 10 bricklayers who all predicted that the Cavaliers would advance, and Henry Abbott even predicted a sweep... Is there any more boring trick than predicting the outcome? I can only bet one thing: if the Green Army wants to perform a regicide hat trick, they must end the opponent in the garden no later than the sixth game. Yes, the Kai team has a glorious history of seven draws, but considering their two consecutive years of losing to the Kings and being overturned, as well as the physical comparison between the two teams, once the game is dragged into a seven draw, Boston is equivalent to losing. They have all experienced the pain of the seventh game and know how difficult it is to reach the finals again, "Rivers said." Everyone must unite as one. "This may be the last chance for the three giants of the Green Army to work together for the championship. In the 2011-12 season, the expiring contracts of Garnett and Ray Allen could become bargaining chips for Anji's next bet or be directly abandoned. Similar to the shutdown in 1998, this summer may become another watershed moment for the era. With the growth of fans born in the 1980s, Sharks, Duncan, and KG collectively bid farewell, and the new generation took over the league. In order to play the role of the final blocker, Pierce took the lead in training and the silent captain began to scold his teammates, even shouting at Lei, "Didn't you eat. Rivers told Rondo that he must truly learn to command his teammates and lead the team. Behind Ray Allen's glory in breaking Reggie Miller's three-point record is a mandatory shooting practice in the first four hours of the game, even with cheerleading dance and stunt rehearsals interfering, he still practiced without fail. Diligence is the eternal creed of Boston, just like the motto above the training hall: What, hurts, more, the, pain, of, hard, work, or, the, pain, of, regulate? (What hurts more? Hard work or regret?) (Xie Lin)
After the game, Howard subtly criticized his teammates for not working hard, which is not a good omen. Sina Sports News: On April 29th, Beijing time, the NBA playoffs continued. The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Orlando Magic 84-81 at home, eliminating their opponents 4-2 on aggregate and advancing to the Eastern Conference semifinals. Their next opponent will be the top Chicago Bulls in the Eastern Conference. For the Hawks, who were swept out by the Magic last season, the changes over the past year are evident. This game was full of twists and turns. At the last moment of the fourth quarter, Marvin Williams missed a three-point shot, but then Joe Johnson jumped up and delivered the ball to Jamal Crawford, with 8.2 seconds left until the end of the game. The Magic player had no choice but to commit a foul, but Crawford made two solid free throws and hit all of them. Out of the 10 rebounds in this game, Johnson actually had 7 offensive rebounds. After the game, he said, "I didn't think too much about it at the time. I originally wanted to do a pick and roll for Al (Horford) or Jamal (Crawford), but we couldn't do it. At that moment, I saw the ball hit the frame and rushed to the basket at all costs, doing everything I could to hit it. Fortunately, I finally did it." The Magic suffered a loss in rebounds this game, with a total of 31-38 rebounds behind and allowing the Hawks to grab 14 offensive rebounds. After the game, head coach Stan Van Gundy spoke frankly about it: 'The most crucial aspect of our defeat was the rebound. In the final moments of the game, we couldn't even grab a rebound.' Howard couldn't hide his disappointment. They play harder than us, "said Howard, who scored 25 points and grabbed 15 rebounds after playing 48 minutes." This feeling is too bad, you shouldn't let your opponent beat you. "The Hawks' next opponent will be the Eastern Conference's top Bulls, and the first game between the two teams will start next Monday. Despite the rushed preparation time, the Hawks have now stated that they don't want to think about the Bulls and want to celebrate their advancement first. After all, their performance in the Eastern Conference semifinals against the Magic last season was really poor. Crawford recalled, "In the last Eastern Conference semifinals, we lost an average of 25 points per game. Since then, we have only wanted revenge and are not afraid of any challenges
Starting lineup: The Big Six's matchup against the Miami Heat remains unchanged, with the absence of the Celtics. Sina Sports News: In the early morning of May 2nd Beijing time, the first game of the Eastern Conference semifinals between the Miami Heat and the Celtics is about to begin, and both sides announced their starting lineup before the game. In the first round of the playoffs, Eric Dampier, who was referred to as a strategic hideout by Heat coach Eric Spoelstra, has not returned and has not even made it to the 12 man roster. The Celtics had hoped that Shaquille O'Neal would make a comeback in order to inflict greater damage on the Heat's interior, but O'Neal was determined not to play after pre game training. Celtics: Rajon Rondo, Ray Allen, Paul Pierce, Kevin Garnett, Jermaine O'Neal Heat: Mike Bibby, Dwyane Wade, LeBron James, Chris Bosh, Zdrunas Ilgoskas (Zorro)
Ross won 19+12 away games against the Hawks, and the Bulls advanced 4-2 to play against the Heat. Sina Sports News: On May 13th, Beijing time, the Bulls defeated the Hawks 93-73 away games, advancing 4-2 to the Eastern Conference Finals and facing the new "Big Three" led Heat. The Bulls have made it to the Eastern Conference Finals for the first time since 1998, the last time Michael Jordan won the championship. Derrick Rose scored 19 points and provided 12 assists, Carlos Boozer scored 23 points, grabbed 10 rebounds, and provided 5 assists, Lorraine Deng scored 13 points, and Joaqu í n Noah scored 11 points and grabbed 6 rebounds. The Hawks fell short and stopped in the second round for three consecutive years. Joe Johnson scored 19 points, Josh Smith scored 18 points, and none of the others scored in double. Al Horford only shot 2 out of 10, scoring 7 points and grabbing 4 rebounds. Before the game, the Hawks were full of confidence that they would push their opponents into the seventh game, and they believed that the pressure of the seventh game was on the Bulls' side. Unfortunately, the Hawks were under too much pressure and failed to pass the sixth game, making the seventh game just empty talk. In the second quarter, they played for nearly 5 minutes and the Hawks only made one shot. In front of the Bulls, the Hawks played disorganized and didn't even have a simple pick and roll, mostly in individual singles. The Bulls gradually widened the gap, and with 2 minutes and 24 seconds left in this quarter, Lor Deng hit a mid-range shot, giving them a 42-25 lead of 17 points. In the last minute of this quarter, the Hawks showed some improvement. Smith made a one handed air relay dunk during a fast break, causing a foul and scoring 3 points with consecutive shots and penalties. The Hawks ended the quarter with a 5-0 run and fell 35-45 in the first half. Ross didn't make many shots and only scored 8 points in the first half, but he kept helping his teammates score and the Bulls firmly controlled the situation. Shortly after the start of the third quarter, Ross scored 3 points with consecutive shots and free throws. With 8 minutes and 40 seconds left in the quarter, he broke through and dunked, scoring 5 points in a row. The Bulls led 52-37. The Hawks' attack still couldn't find the feeling, and every time they scored, they were met with a counterattack from the Bulls. With 1 minute and 2 seconds left in this quarter, Asik received the ball from under the basket and slammed both hands. Boozer also made two free throws and two runs afterwards, and the Bulls led 70-51 by 19 points. In the last 2 minutes and 23 seconds, the Hawks failed to make a single shot and fell 53-70 after three quarters. The Eagles' playing style remains monotonous, with a shot made shortly after the start of the fourth quarter, but subsequently conceding under the basket. At 9 minutes and 37 seconds left in this quarter, the Hawks made a pass mistake and the Bulls launched a fast break. Ross was unguarded in the front court and performed a two handed dunk, giving the Bulls a 76-55 lead of 21 points and forcing the Hawks to call a timeout. After the pause, the Hawks still haven't found an effective solution, and the gap between the two sides is still widening. Halfway through this quarter, Kowal hit a three-point shot, followed by Boozer's successful mid-range shot, and the Bulls led 83-57 by 26 points. The Hawks failed to narrow the gap to below 19 points, and with 3 minutes and 14 seconds left in the game, they withdrew all their main players and gave up the game, ending their journey this season. Bulls starting lineup: Derrick Rose, Keith Bogans, Joaqu í n Noah, Lor Deng, and Carlos Boozer. Hawks starting lineup: Joe Johnson, Jeff Teague, Jason Collins, Al Horford, and Josh Smith. (Angkor)
American expert: The era of Duncan Shark Hero has passed, and Ross Durant's tender point Sina Sports News: On April 28th Beijing time, in this year's NBA playoffs, the first round of the game was exciting and exciting, which made fans very satisfied.   What kind of players can be labeled as heroes in the NBA? Old guys like Shaquille O'Neal, Kevin Garnett, and Tim Duncan can all do it. Because these guys not only have outstanding strength on the field and can bring championships to the team, but also have outstanding personality charm off the field, which can attract the attention of the media and fans. From this perspective, who dares to say that they are the current hero in this year's playoffs? In the past, Shaquille O'Neal was the league's top center, with unstoppable victories on the court. He played an indispensable role in the Lakers' first three peat of the new century. And who is the current top center in the league? The general opinion is that Dwight Howard is the magician. Unfortunately, what we see is that the Magic were extremely embarrassed to be tortured by the Hawks in the first round. Howard's statistics are not inferior, but he just cannot be as powerful as O'Neal back then. In the past, when Duncan was at his peak, winning championships and MVPs was like playing, and he was also one of the few insiders who could challenge O'Neal at that time. And now? Mark Gasol of the Grizzlies and Zack Randolph, who was once thought to be unable to support the wall with mud, left him dead and alive, to the point where he had to rely on extra time to avoid being blacklisted. For young fans, these can only represent the silence of old players and the rise of the new generation. It may be an exaggeration to say that heroes sink. In fact, it is not the case. The signs reflected in the first round of this year are more appropriately referred to as a shortage of opportunities. Seeing the awkwardness of Magic and Howard doesn't make us think about who the soul of the Eagle is. Seeing the tragedies of the Spurs and Duncan also makes us forget who the key players of the Grizzlies were. A bit reliable is Chris Paul from the Hornets, who can lead the team to victory with super stats, but once Kobe starts to defend at full throttle during the game, Paul quickly returns to mediocrity. Some people may question whether there are still the Heat trio, Derrick Rose, and Kevin Durant? To be honest, before the playoffs began, how many fans believed that Ross and Durant would win the championship this year? How many media outlets believe that the Bulls and Thunder are the favorites to win the championship this year? These two have the potential to become heroes. However, it's not this year. As for the Heat, LeBron James abandoned the opportunity to lead the team alone, giving up the chance to become a hero long ago. And Wade, the 2006 NBA Finals hero, was inexplicably weakened in his star and role due to James' reasons. This year's playoffs, let's temporarily forget the heroic era of the 1990s. The NBA's heroic era has temporarily declined. To watch the next hero showdown, fans need more patience. (XWT185) Sina Sports News: On April 28th, Beijing time, in this year's NBA playoffs, the first round of the game was exciting and exciting, which made fans very satisfied.   What kind of players can be labeled as heroes in the NBA? Old guys like Shaquille O'Neal, Kevin Garnett, and Tim Duncan can all do it. Because these guys not only have outstanding strength on the field and can bring championships to the team, but also have outstanding personality charm off the field, which can attract the attention of the media and fans. From this perspective, who dares to say that they are the current hero in this year's playoffs? In the past, Shaquille O'Neal was the league's top center, with unstoppable victories on the court. He played an indispensable role in the Lakers' first three peat of the new century. And who is the current top center in the league? The general opinion is that Dwight Howard is the magician. Unfortunately, what we see is that the Magic were extremely embarrassed to be tortured by the Hawks in the first round. Howard's statistics are not inferior, but he just cannot be as powerful as O'Neal back then. In the past, when Duncan was at his peak, winning championships and MVPs was like playing, and he was also one of the few insiders who could challenge O'Neal at that time. And now? Mark Gasol of the Grizzlies and Zack Randolph, who was once thought to be unable to support the wall with mud, left him dead and alive, to the point where he had to rely on extra time to avoid being blacklisted. For young fans, these can only represent the silence of old players and the rise of the new generation. It may be an exaggeration to say that heroes sink. In fact, it is not the case. The signs reflected in the first round of this year are more appropriately referred to as a shortage of opportunities. Seeing the awkwardness of Magic and Howard doesn't make us think about who the soul of the Eagle is. Seeing the tragedies of the Spurs and Duncan also makes us forget who the key players of the Grizzlies were. A bit reliable is Chris Paul from the Hornets, who can lead the team to victory with super stats, but once Kobe starts to defend at full throttle during the game, Paul quickly returns to mediocrity. Some people may question whether there are still the Heat trio, Derrick Rose, and Kevin Durant? To be honest, before the playoffs began, how many fans believed that Ross and Durant would win the championship this year? How many media outlets believe that the Bulls and Thunder are the favorites to win the championship this year? These two have the potential to become heroes. However, it's not this year. As for the Heat, LeBron James abandoned the opportunity to lead the team alone, giving up the chance to become a hero long ago. And Wade, the 2006 NBA Finals hero, was inexplicably weakened in his star and role due to James' reasons. This year's playoffs, let's temporarily forget the heroic era of the 1990s. The NBA's heroic era has temporarily declined. To watch the next hero showdown, fans need more patience. (XWT185)
The Green Army surprised die hard fans by making Old KG step on the gas pedal and run wildly. Sina Sports News: Today, the Boston Celtics defeated the Miami Heat 97-81, and Rajon Rondo was undoubtedly the protagonist. However, the Celtics were able to win back a city thanks to their united offensive and defensive performances. Their changes in troop deployment are also worth watching. Doc Rivers did not waste the last two days of rest, and his summary of the previous loss game was quite accurate. Before the start of the game, the Green Army camp was excited about Shaquille O'Neal's comeback. The evaluation given by ESPN is fair and objective: "Shark is not world-class, but as long as he can play, he is better than those who have no contribution, such as Glenn Davis and Nenard Christie (the last 11 minutes of the game were counted, and today was frozen)." The Green Army also saw the previous few games of these substitutes were not awesome, and today the number of people who rotate in the restricted area was reduced to the greatest extent, so it received a surprising effect on the defensive end. The most noteworthy change is that Jeff Green no longer plays as a full-time substitute for Paul Pierce, but instead appears as a substitute power forward. He played in this position with the Oklahoma City Thunder, but his offensive and defensive performances did not receive much recognition. But on the one hand, Chris Bosh is not known for his height and physique, and on the other hand, the Heat often switches to a big four small lineup, which gives Green more playing space. Witnessing this scene, ESPN expert Rick Butcher also sighed on Weibo: "Every time Chris Bosh holds the ball, the Celtics are trying to challenge his courage, even Green has done it." He used the word "even" to describe Green's defense, which somewhat belittles this person. But don't forget, the Green Shirt's substitute team in the interior can make a contribution on the field, which is much better than the last game. The problem of being caught up with the Green Army after playing three quarters in the past no longer exists, and the head coach's adjustment is worthy of praise. To be more specific, the Green Shirt Army was willing to send away Kendrick Perkins in February with the intention of improving flank firepower, which Green did average. But at that time, the industry also described the Green Army's deal as targeting the Heat. The team knows that the Heat lacks height in the interior, so they do not need a dedicated low position defensive barrier player. Today, Greene also seamlessly switched for the Celtics on the defensive end, at least ensuring the quality of the game when Garnett was not present, which was both unexpected and reasonable (unfortunately, this adjustment came a little late). After the game, the Green Army loyalists exclaimed in surprise on the message board: "This guy played really well! His hard work and defense really surprised me!" Considering that the Thunder lost to the Grizzlies on the same day and Perkins' interior was hit double 21 by Zack Randolph, who said the Celtics must have lost their winter trade? So to evaluate whether an operation is worth it, it also depends on the subsequent performance of the trading protagonists and whether the coach can use these players reasonably. Will the Green Army take the opportunity to turn the tables and win the series? At present, it's hard to say because just like every game is a different conversation, the Heat will definitely make corresponding adjustments. It's not realistic to expect them to play three more games with such a low performance without making changes. Moreover, Rondo's reliance on mental strength to stimulate the team is more of a disadvantage than a benefit in the long run. But the Celtics are also sending a signal that the team is still alive, they have left the issue to the side of the Heat, and this series has suddenly become interesting. (Abdul Cat)
Captain Iron and Blood, wearing a battle robe, is on an expedition to Boston. The Green Army has Shaquille O'Neal, and the Heat has him. Sina Sports News, Beijing time, May 7th (Miami time, May 6th). Before departing for Boston, the entire Heat team conducted a training session at the American Airlines Arena today. Before the training, there were official reports from the Celtics that Shaquille O'Neal would make a comeback in the third game. So, will the Heat's long-awaited captain, Udonis Haslem, also make an appearance at that time? Heat coach Eric Spoelstra still didn't nod directly as usual, but the team itself couldn't wait.   I know my comeback time is coming, "Haslem told reporters after today's training." Now it's just a matter of time sequence. "A reporter joked with Haslem," Will you bring your equipment when you fly to Boston later? "Haslem was also amused, saying," I will bring my jersey and sneakers to Boston. As I said, I am ready to play at any time. "Haslem was injured at the end of November last year and started taking off his protective boots for recovery training at the end of February this year. He had planned to return to the field at the end of March and early April, but due to his slow recovery, his comeback time has been repeatedly postponed. In addition, during the four consecutive away games at the end of the regular season, the Ha team was too eager to make a comeback, resulting in excessive training and even causing symptoms of foot injury regression. Since then, every time he participated in team training, his feet would ache the next day, so he had to rest for two consecutive days before he could continue training. Until the past week, the symptoms of foot pain have only eased, and Ha team has also participated in the team's training continuously. Before the start of the playoffs with the Green Army, Si Shuai stated that Haslem still needed one to two weeks, and now it has been ten days. The third game between the Heat and the Celtics will be held tomorrow at TD Garden, and the Sharks are sure to make a comeback. I wonder if the Ha team will make an appearance at that time? (Sina Sports, Li Shuangfu, from Miami)
At the same time as their defeat, the Lakers discovered a potential crisis, which was the continued weakening of their internal advantage. However, Andrew Bynum, who performed well in the first round, did not perform well today, and his slump was one of the reasons for the team's loss. Despite successfully avoiding foul trouble, Bynum did not display the required attacking power in the interior. In his 29 minute playing time, he only made 3 out of 8 shots, scored 8 points, grabbed 5 rebounds, provided 1 assist, and blocked 1 shot. This is not the data that a center with an annual salary of 14 million should have. In the first round against the Hornets, Pau Gasol struggled with tough defense, but Andrew Bynum stepped up and averaged 15.2 points and 10.2 rebounds per game, making him the team's second leading scorer and rebounding king. It was thanks to his outstanding performance that the Lakers defeated the Hornets in the internal competition, which became a key factor in their six game elimination and promotion. Before the confrontation with the Mavericks, people expected Tyson Chandler and Brandon Heywood to face more challenges due to their height being similar to that of Andrew Bynum, but they did not expect his performance to decline so quickly. Bynum's attacking desire today is not as strong as in the first round, and his footwork is particularly slow, as if he has not yet recovered from his off-duty state. He was frequently blocked in the attack, which also affected his defense. He did not provide the team with the necessary help in rebounding, with only 5 rebounds scored throughout the game. His rebounds were on par with Kobe Bryant and Matt Barnes, and he had not scored a single offensive rebound. This was the only game of the season in which he did not have an offensive rebound, except for his early exit due to injury against the Spurs on April 13th. This is enough to show that Bynum's killing power on the inside was not enough for his opponents. The inside line is the strong point for the Lakers to win two consecutive championships, but in this year's playoffs, they faced a rather awkward problem, which is that the two towers in the inside line have never been able to shine together. In the first round of the series, Bynum performed well, while Gasol was unusually sluggish; Today, Gasol's form recovered and he helped the team with a comprehensive performance, but Bynum was completely dumbfounded on the court and failed to play his due role. As a result, the Lakers were unable to fully control the interior, which ultimately led to their defeat. After the game, when Kobe Bryant was interviewed, he excused himself for his performance. It was also Bynum who was used as the "scapegoat" by the Flying Xia: "I only shot too many shots today because Andrew was too weak." The Lakers' leader said that it was suspected of shirking responsibility, but Bynum's lack of morale was also a fact. Fortunately, the Western Conference semifinals are a seven game series, and losing the first game does not mean the end of the game. The Lakers still have enough opportunities to make adjustments, and Andrew Bynum has enough time to find his feelings. He needs to quickly regain his form and dominance in the paint, and he must put more pressure on the Mavericks in the paint. After a game of adaptation, Bynum should gradually find a sense of attacking from the inside, and his performance in the second game should improve. The Lakers also need him to bounce back to strive for victory. In addition to offense, the Lakers also need Bynum's defense and rebounds, and he needs to play a greater role in these two aspects. If Bynum is more active in grabbing offensive rebounds, the Lakers are expected to have more opportunities for second attacks, and his interior blocks are also a powerful weapon for the team to defend the three second zone. (Melody)
Ross talks about the Heat: The Eastern Conference Finals will be very interesting, and the Heat is different now. Sina Sports News: On May 13th, according to ESPN, the Chicago Bulls defeated the Atlanta Hawks 93-73 and successfully advanced to the Eastern Conference Finals. After the game, Derrick Rose talked a lot about his opponent, the Miami Heat. He told reporter Lisa Saltes, "This will definitely be a very interesting showdown. They (the Heat) are a great team, and the players are playing great together. But I think we're not bad either, this will be a battle." The Bulls swept the Heat 3-0 in the regular season, with LeBron James absent in the first game and Joaqu í n Noah absent in the second game. However, in Ross' view, the Bulls' regular season success does not mean anything. The regular season is over, "Ross said." The Heat are in a completely different state now - everyone knows their role, passing and shooting are clearly divided. They have always been in offensive mode and have presented a completely different basketball. The opponent is getting faster every step, and we have to be prepared for it. "Ross averaged 29 points per game against the Heat in the regular season, and on January 15th, he scored 34 points in a narrow 99-96 victory. It's interesting that the Big Three were all potential signing targets for the Bulls last summer, but ultimately they used their salary space to sign Carlos Boozer and a group of reliable bench players. Is there no reliable celebrity firepower around Ross? He doesn't care about this. I believe in my teammates, this is the most important thing, "Ross said. Abdul Cat
In the description of Zhou Qi's advantages, the website wrote: Zhou Qi quickly became the biggest hope among the next generation of players in the Chinese team. He is a fast and tall man who can create sufficient threats to opponents under the basket. On the offensive end, Zhou Qi can hold the ball and push forward, is good at running, and has excellent shooting ability, with a shooting range that can reach the three-point line of international basketball. On the defensive end, Zhou Qi's ability to coordinate and supplement defense on the weak side is his most terrifying aspect, which is why his block blocking data is so outstanding. Besides, you can always see the technique of a defender from him, and his dribbling is much better than most tall men of the same age.   If that's the case, Zhou Qi is only 15 years old this year. Of course, the US draft website also bluntly pointed out the areas where Zhou Qi needs to improve. The article states that his athletic ability is not considered to be very top-notch, but he feels very good about the competition. Zhou Qi needs to improve his reaction ability on the court, as well as his scoring ability in attack. His aggressiveness in low position attacks still needs to be further strengthened. In addition, he also needs to improve his rebounding position in defense. Zhou Qi has started exercising his muscles now, but he still needs to strengthen them quickly. If Zhou Qi wants to truly become a top player in the future, he needs to improve his one-on-one defensive ability, strengthen his foot strength and ability to complete attacks, while also avoiding injuries. Also, Zhou Qi's competition experience is still very limited, and sufficient competition opportunities are what he urgently needs. The introduction also specifically mentioned Zhou Qi's representative work. He scored 41 points, 28 rebounds and 15 blocks in a single game in the semi-final against Germany in the just concluded U16 Invitational in Türkiye. He scored 26 points against Bulgaria. In the stalemate with France, Zhou Qi also contributed 28 points. In the final against Türkiye, Zhou Qi scored 30 points and 17 rebounds, which earned him the MVP of the big game and helped China win the championship. Zhou Qi started playing for the Liaoning Youth Team in 2005, when he was only 1.72 meters tall. By 2009, Zhou Qi's height had grown to 2.05 meters. Now, Zhou Qi's height has reached 2.15 meters. Considering that he is only 15 years old, Zhou Qi's height is expected to eventually grow between 2.17 and 2.18 meters. It is worth noting that Zhou Qi's contract with Liaoning team will expire in 2013, at which time he will have the option to play in the NCAA college league in the United States. Of course, his coach currently believes that Zhou Qi staying in China for development is a better choice. At present, Zhou Qi is still playing for Liaoning Youth League, but after 2013, all professional teams will engage in a battle to obtain Zhou Qi. Dwight Howard, who plays for the Magic, is Zhou Qi's favorite player, while his mentor positioned him as Wang Zhizhi, a Chinese player who once played for the Dallas Mavericks. (Jia Lei)
The Lakers' strongest edge has only emerged from the brink of elimination, and this gambling loss is truly remarkable. Sina Sports News: Three battles! Previously, the Lakers lost two consecutive games at home, but from a historical perspective, there were still three teams that ultimately won the series after losing two games at home. However, if they lose again in this away game against the Mavericks, history tells us that not a single team can turn the tables. In other words, for the Lakers, this game is like the Battle of Heavenly Kings. Losing basically means they can pick up a few earthworms and go fishing. Moreover, if they lose this game, not only will Charles Barkley's "Mavericks Sweep" prophecy come true, but also the coach "Zen Master" Phil Jackson is highly likely to end his glorious career on someone else's turf without winning the championship. This is unbearable! But pity and sympathy cannot help the Lakers win, and even winning does not rely on gritted teeth of blood. The importance of tactics in the development of the NBA to this point is self-evident. How to maximize one's own interests and strike at the opponent's weaknesses in a 48 minute game is what every team in the playoffs must do. Moreover, the playoffs are a series format, and adjustments on the field are certainly important, but adjustments and changes after each game are even more valuable. For the Lakers, on the offensive end, their main proud playing style is divided into two lines: one is the triangle attack application in positional warfare, and the other is the defensive counterattack after Lamar Odom is embedded in the lineup. In a triangle attack, three people are placed on the strong side, and the ball handler delivers the ball to the passer standing near the penalty line while running towards the bottom corner of the strong side. A low placed singles player stands in the penalty area on the same side, forming a triangle. The distance maintenance and attacking ability among the three will open up a passing channel between the low-level singles player and the high-level passer. All arrangements are made to ensure that the ball is better passed to the low-level singles player in the interior and create a good singles atmosphere for him. And when the offensive player in the interior starts to attack from behind, the first goal of the entire Lakers is to make this person's attack successful, and the second is that when the opponent's defense changes, the subsequent changes in the triangle attack will unfold. So who should be the one standing inside to attack? Then it depends on which position of the opponent is most vulnerable when facing you. Obviously, when playing against the Hornets, the Lakers have the biggest advantage in the center position, and Andrew Bynum is standing in the penalty area. When it came to playing against the Mavericks, everyone understood that the Lakers' biggest advantage at this time was Kobe Bryant in the second position. However, in the second game, Kobe's efficiency was extremely low for almost the entire game when he backfired from the penalty area, which was also one of the main reasons for the Lakers' defeat in the last game. So when the first choice for the inside triangle attack (Kobe) has been proven ineffective in a game, the Lakers should naturally try to execute the triangle attack from the second advantage point in the match between the two sides, and this second advantage point is Andrew Bynum. Sure enough, the Lakers' deployment of this triangle attack throughout the game was very well executed today. Bynum kept asking for positions in the penalty area, and his teammates also intended to deliver the ball to him. In the end, he played for 35 minutes of the game, shooting 9 out of 16 and scoring the team's highest 21 points, plus 10 rebounds, including 4 offensive rebounds. That's why experts in Los Angeles point out that when Kobe is no longer omnipotent, Bynum is the Lakers' strongest blade. Of course, there was still a variable throughout the game, which was that Odom entered the starting lineup. Odom's role in the transition between offense and defense and offense is self-evident. However, his entry into the starting lineup also had another clever use, as his advantage in the interior was relatively high. Therefore, in the Lakers' field battles, there was still a mode of using Odom as a solo player in the interior. The opponents of these strategies resulted in the Lakers maintaining a lead over the Mavericks even after three quarters. Nevertheless, although the Lakers' tactics were appropriate, in the second half, the Lakers' old problem of poor execution was once again evident, and at the critical moment, Bynum hardly received any tactical support for singles opportunities! Of course, it's not entirely the fault of his teammates. Bynum himself was also at fault for committing too many and too many fouls throughout the game, and his playing time became fragmented due to these fouls, so his contribution naturally had to be discounted. By the end of the quarter, after Andrew Bynum made five fouls and went off the court, the Lakers had completely lost their attacking core point, and the whole team was trapped in singles and simple pick and roll, unable to extricate themselves. On the defensive end, the Lakers persisted in a three quarter strategy of not pitching Dirk Nowitzki, but suddenly switched to pitching in the last quarter. However, this also led to too many open shooting opportunities for the Mavericks on the perimeter. At this moment, the "Zen Master" probably wanted to contain the Mavericks' ultimate killer Nowitzki and instead bet on the Mavericks' outside shooting failure. Unfortunately, the Zen master's gamble ultimately ended in failure. With the repeated empty space projections from the Mavericks' periphery, the 0-3 result has arrived as expected, and perhaps today, the dream of the Purple Gold Dynasty has been completely shattered. [Sina NBA Official Weibo] [Sina NBA Lakers News Dynamic Weibo] [Technical Statistics] [Exciting Replay] [Game Record] (San'er)
See 2-1 again! This scene is familiar to the emperor, and Boston is truly in eternal pain. Sina Sports News: On May 8th Beijing time, the Celtics defeated the Miami Heat 97-81 at home, winning a game, but still trailing 1-2 overall. James had no touch in this game, although he still scored 15 points, grabbed 7 rebounds, and provided 4 assists. However, his poor shooting percentage of 6 out of 16 also put the Heat in a completely passive position in offense, ultimately resulting in a defeat. In the third quarter of the game, with 3 minutes and 25 seconds left, James dribbled from the outside and headed straight for the basket. Pierce predicted James' breakthrough route in advance and moved horizontally in time. However, at this point, James had already lost his composure. He collided with Pierce and wanted to forcefully enter the basket. After being carried by James' shoulder to his chest, Pierce fell to the ground with a loud sound. The referee's whistle sounded! Offensive foul! The ball belongs to the Celtics! James lowered his head and didn't raise any questions to the referee, feeling a bit disappointed as he walked towards the defensive end. On the other side of the field, Pierce shouted and was pulled up from the ground by his teammates, hitting his chest! to shout! High five! Amidst the cheers of the home fans, the momentum has completely shifted towards the side of the Celtics. If the Heat remained evenly matched with the Celtics throughout the first half, then Rondo's injury in the third quarter became a turning point in the game. Since then, the Heat's offense has been completely passive, while the Celtics have been getting smoother and more dominant in terms of momentum. It wasn't until the beginning of the fourth quarter that James only scored 8 points, which is why the Miami Heat fell behind by more than 10 points early on. Transferring from Cleveland to Miami, LeBron James faced immense pressure from the outside world and endured numerous accusations. The goal of the 'little emperor' was only one, and that was to win a championship. But after a season, he still faces this tenacious Celtics. James is very aware of how strong the team in front of him is. In the past three seasons, he has been close to winning the championship twice, but both times he fell under the Green Army's knife. In the 2007-08 season, the Cavaliers led by James faced the Celtics in the second round of the playoffs, and the two sides fought in 7 games. The tough Green Army still won the final victory. In the crucial seventh game, James scored 45 points, grabbed 5 rebounds, and provided 6 assists on his own, but this was still not enough for his team to pass the Celtics level. In the 09-10 season, the Cavaliers once again faced the Celtics in the second round of the playoffs. This time, they had a 2-1 lead in the first three games, but in the following three games, the Cavaliers plummeted and fell in front of the Celtics for three consecutive games. In the crucial sixth game, James fully demonstrated his personal abilities. He scored 27 points, 19 rebounds, and 10 assists in a terrifying triple double, but his team still failed to win against the Celtics. Now, James, who transferred to the Heat, has once again encountered the Celtics unexpectedly in the second round of the playoffs. Unlike the previous two times, James has superstars like Wade and Bosh by his side as helpers, and he no longer has to fight alone. But when they took a 2-0 lead, the third game suddenly made James lose his shooting touch. And when the Celtics once again stubbornly tied the total score at 1-2, the following games became unpredictable again. No team dared to say how much they could win against the tenacious Celtics, even the Heat with the Big Three. Compared to the previous two games, James has a stronger desire to win and more confidence this time, as can be seen from his defense in the past few games. In the second game against the Celtics, with 40 seconds left in the fourth quarter, James gave Garnett a head-on big hat from inside defense, which became the key to the Heat winning the game. In this game, James also sent out 2 steals and 5 blocks on the defensive end, but his poor shooting feel caused the Heat to suffer a defeat. Is the Celtics, a team that has written tenacity into their bloodline, destined to be a level that James finds difficult to overcome? (Jia Lei)
The Green Army vs Heat II look forward to two aces battling each other, with a world of difference between 2-0 and 1-1. Sina Sports News: The Eastern and Western semifinals are fully underway. As the first team to appear, the Miami Heat and Boston Celtics will play their second game at 7:00 am Beijing time on May 4th. [Sina Sports Video Live: Celtics vs Heat II] The Heat vs. Celtics matchup is considered the most exciting and intense semi-final, but from the first game of the series, the Heat unexpectedly had a significant advantage and controlled the game throughout the game. After Paul Pierce lost his composure and was sent off for two technical fouls, the Celtics lost hope of a comeback and had to drink and return. Data shows that since the Celtics formed the Big Three, they have won the first game of the playoff series and advanced to the next round seven times. However, after losing the first game, the psychological advantage of the Green Shirt Army has been lost. On the contrary, since 2004, Dwyane Wade of the Miami Heat has won his first game of the series and successfully advanced all six times, so the Heat now has a psychological advantage. However, the Celtics' sluggishness ranks first in the league, and they won't admit defeat just because they lose a game. As long as they steal a home court from the Heat in the second game, the Celtics can immediately regain control of the series. Of course, what Bostonians need to do most now is defend against Wade. Wade has now played 4 consecutive 30+games against the Celtics in the playoffs, with a total of 6 consecutive 25+games. Don't be fooled by the fact that the Green Army only averaged 12.8 points per game in the four regular season games of the Flash, he is the real killer in the playoffs. Besides Wade, the biggest threat to the Celtics is undoubtedly Emperor LeBron James. In the last game, James was among the three 20+players in the Heat, and he also had 6 rebounds, 5 assists, 2 steals, and 2 blocks, showing a very comprehensive performance. In addition, James' defense against Pierce was also very effective, failing to let the Green Army's backbone perform well. Obviously, James' debut has not yet reached its peak, so the Green Shirts must be wary of the consequences of the Emperor's outbreak. In terms of the Green Army, Pierce was not awesome enough. Kevin Garnett and Chris Bosh formed a match, and no one could get a bargain. Garnett's first battle was 6 points, 8 rebounds, and Bosh's first battle was 7 points, 12 rebounds, all of which were willing to be the cannon fodder for victory. Compared to Pierce and Garnett, Ray Allen should be the most trusted giant of the Green Army. Jun Zi Lei has played against the Miami Heat 5 times this season, with a total of 25 out of 36 shots and an astonishing shooting percentage. Even though Wade and James take turns defending, Allen can still make three pointers, and his presence is always a threat to the Miami Heat.   And Miami Heat captain Wade is already ready to take over, "whether I score 12 points (in the regular season opener) or 38 points (in the first game of the semifinals), I will treat the game with the same attitude," Wade said. For me, every game against the Celtics is different, and this upcoming game has a different task for me. They have put a lot of effort into LeBron, which means I will have many opportunities and I must find the rhythm to shoot. The next game will definitely be different. "In terms of lineup, Celtics' veteran center Shaquille O'Neal may make a comeback. The Sharks had already participated in pre match training for their first game, but ultimately did not play. At that time, head coach Doug Rivers stated that O'Neal would return in the second or third game. However, the other captain of the Heat, Udonis Haslem, will still not be playing. Besides, the best players from both sides are not affected by injuries or suspensions. After the second game between the two sides, they will move to Boston to play two more games. Will the Heat lead 2-0 or 1-1 to the away game? Expected starting lineup for both teams: Celtics: Rajon Rondo, Ray Allen, Paul Pierce, Kevin Garnett, Jermaine O'Neal. Heat: Mike Bibi, Dwyane Wade, LeBron James, Chris Bosh, Zdrunas Ilgauskas. (Zorro)
Pippen: The Zen master is already very perfect, we don't have to mourn his departure. Sina Sports News, May 10th, Beijing time. No one expected that Phil Jackson would end his coaching career in such a way that he was swept 4-0 by the Mavericks, and the Lakers became the seventh defending champion in league history to be swept out. However, Scott Pippen, a former disciple of the Zen master, hopes that everyone will not feel sad about the imperfect coaching outcome of the Zen master. In an interview with the Arlington Daily Herald, Pippen admitted that Jackson, who holds 13 championship rings, has already taken his career to the extreme. No one wants to see Phil end his coaching career in this way, but you must understand that he has still been excellent enough in the past days, "Pippen said. The Zen master has led the team to the finals 13 times in his 20-year coaching career, and he cannot do better. He has already achieved perfection. ”Pippen added. At the press conference after the Lakers' loss, the 65 year old "Zen Master" has clearly stated that he will retire at the end of this season. Although he bid farewell to his beloved basketball career in a slightly awkward and regretful manner, Pippen hopes that all fans who love the Lakers and "Zen Master" can do the same as him and not be overly sad about the retirement of "Zen Master", because in terms of performance and resume, Coach Jackson has already done very well. In 1991, the Bulls won their first NBA championship while Coach Jackson was still coaching in Chicago, and Pippen was his favorite. He has won 6 championship trophies for the Bulls and led the team to win 5 championships with the Lakers, which is such a dazzling achievement. Now I can still recall how happy he was when he led the Bulls to win their first championship trophy. It has been 20 years in the blink of an eye, and he is now leaving. We should all be happy for him, not sad or regretful. "The 65 year old" Zen Master "may really say goodbye to us. Perhaps next season on the sidelines, we will never see that old man with white hair again, but the precious wealth left by Jackson for fans and the NBA league is what we should truly remember and cherish. (Xiaolin)
The Lakers lead the Warcraft Western Conference's top five teams, do the Rockets need big name Moreken to spend money? Sina Sports News: On May 7th Beijing time, among the teams that were eliminated in the first round, the Spurs still have some reasons for injury and aging. However, there seems to be no reason for the magic in the East. Dwight Howard, who leads the team, has unparalleled health and is at the peak of his form. Losing like this can only be said to be Magic's own problem. In the eyes of Slam Dunk Online, Howard has no reason to cling to such magic anymore. Leaving is his best choice, such as the following five Western Conference teams, which are worth considering. 1. For Howard, the Lakers are the most worth considering next home. The reason is very simple. More than a decade ago, Shaquille O'Neal faced the same predicament as Howard. O'Neal chose to join the Lakers, and what happened afterwards is well-known to everyone. As for the feasibility of joining the Lakers, if the Lakers are willing to give up Andrew Bynum and pair him with another player, the Magic have no reason to refuse. Los Angeles has a tradition of great centers, and Howard himself will not refuse the opportunity to become as famous as Wilt Chamberlain, Kareem Abdul Jabbar, and O'Neal. However, obstacles are also present. Lakers general manager Mitch Kupchak has great trust in Bynum, and in his opinion, he is already the best center. So even if Magic agrees, Kupchak may not be willing to bear it. 2. Before being blacklisted, the Spurs had won 61 regular season games and their own strength was not a big problem. But Tim Duncan's aging is one of the important reasons why the Spurs lost in the playoffs. If the Spurs are willing to give up Tony Parker and other role players, the Magic can take the opportunity to strengthen the team's backcourt strength. Alternatively, the Spurs can wait until Howard becomes a fully free agent and then persuade Duncan to lower his salary, which is also an option. However, Howard also has reasons to reject the Spurs. In a few years, Duncan should retire, and Manu Ginobili won't play for too long. For Howard, what he needs more is potential. And this is precisely the weakness of the Spurs now. 3. The Thunder has what the Spurs crave the most, which is youth, talent, and potential. Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook have built the Thunder into a strong team in the Western Conference, and with an inside Howard, these three giants are no worse than the Eastern Conference. However, the problem is that Westbrook is not satisfied with his salary. If Howard joins, Westbrook will inevitably become the third most important player on the team, which may be difficult for him to accept. The Thunder may not be able to keep him. Secondly, the Thunder just renewed Kendrick Perkins' contract and brought in Howard, which seems to have made renewing Perkins a foolish decision. 4. Trailblazer Brandon Roy is in the backcourt, Gerard Wallace is in the front line, Andre Miller is assisting, and with the addition of an existing Lamakus Aldridge, this lineup is significantly stronger than Howard's current Magic. If Howard joins, the frontcourt composed of him and Aldridge may be more terrifying than the Lakers' interior. However, the biggest question for the Trail Blazers is, who should be traded for Howard? Is there still a team in the league that dares to accept Greg Oden after several major injuries? 5. The Rockets, with their current lineup, were able to almost make it to the playoffs, which shows that the team's strength is still decent. There are no big name players, but everyone can do their own job, which is often more useful than the accumulation of big names. If Howard chooses Houston, at least Luis Scola can be liberated and Kevin Martin can play more confidently in the backcourt. However, the problem is that the Rockets have been inclined to attract talented players through the draft over the past decade, and this team has also lacked courage in the free agent market. Apart from Tracy McGrady, they have not made any major moves in the past decade. Daryl Morey, would you be willing to spend all your blood for Howard? (XWT185)
35 years old? Stubborn KG still slammed the fan and overturned Bosh, and even the Dragon King was afraid to pitch in the second round of the NBA playoffs in the Eastern Conference. According to Sina Sports, the Miami Heat defeated their strong opponent, the Boston Celtics, 99-90 at home. Celtics forward Kevin Garnett played for 37 minutes and 12 seconds, scoring 6 points, 8 rebounds, 3 assists, 1 steal, and 2 blocks with 9 shots and 3 hits. He had almost no deterrent power on the offensive end, but his defensive effect was relatively good. Garnett's offensive performance in this game was not outstanding, scoring 6 points, grabbing 8 rebounds, and assisting 3 out of 9 shots in 38 minutes. Even the most passionate KG fans could only shake their heads and sigh for this result. Indeed, Garnett is already old. Three years ago, he just joined the Celtics and was full of joy and vitality. Even the legendary Celtics star Bill Shaman made a special appearance and expressed his willingness to bring out his retired No. 21 green shirt for Garnett to wear. At that time, Garnett was capable of both inside and outside the offensive end, and his flip jump shot was still like throwing a ball from the second floor to the first floor. His defensive end was unmatched, and he directly put a "noodle inside" hat on Pau Gasol in the NBA Finals. The most important point is that Kevin Garnett's joining has given the Celtics an all-around warrior who can assist in defending positions one to five, and Garnett's defensive judgment has improved the overall defense of the Celtics by several levels. However, from a personal technical perspective, Garnett still has enough capital to handle single defense work. Although he only made 3 out of 9 shots in this game, he also prevented Chris Bosh from making 3 out of 10 shots and earning only 7 points. From the overall data, Garnett's performance of 6 points, 8 rebounds, 3 assists, 2 blocks, and 1 steal is not inferior to Bosh's performance of 7 points, 12 rebounds, 1 steal, 1 block, and 3 turnovers. Considering the age difference between the two, Garnett has already completed his task. What's even more touching is that although Garnett is 8 years older than Bosh, he rarely backs down in direct confrontation. In the fourth quarter of this game, the Celtics were trailing the Heat by as much as 12 points. At this point, Garnett couldn't hold back any longer. In 2 minutes and 19 seconds, he actually held the ball and drove straight into the fast break counterattack, scoring 2 points in front of Bosh! In the following defensive round, Boshche received the ball from the basket and was left empty, but he was afraid of Garnett's defense and didn't dare to take the shot in the first place. After a feint, the shot was still knocked over by KG's hat. Of course, throughout the game, although Garnett froze Bosh well on the defensive end, objectively speaking, this level of performance did not have an impact on the situation - after all, in order to freeze Bosh, Garnett himself also paid the price of being inactive on the offensive end. But Garnett is still worthy of respect because he still chose to fight and contribute to the team to the best of his ability. If Garnett is willing, we have no doubt that he still has the ability to average 20 points per game. But if he did that, maybe Bosh would have scored 30 points, and the Celtics would have to face the Miami Heat, which is clearly not the scene that the Celtics are happy to see. Perhaps Garnett will struggle to deliver impressive statistics in this series, and perhaps the Celtics will also struggle to avoid elimination, but they should have no regrets, after all, their personnel are exhausted and they can only rely on their own fate. Even if the Celtics lose everything, they are just losing to time. (Guda)
Lan Pang's wild words before the competition turned into a laughing stock? On May 4th Beijing time, it was clear that the Grizzlies were able to create a Black Eight miracle in this year's playoffs and gave the Thunder a heavy blow in the first round of the second round, despite underestimating Perkins. The credit of Zack Randolph cannot be denied. According to the Basketball Channel, playing the ball well also made Randolph feel a little floaty. When interviewed by the media, Randolph bluntly stated, "Kendrick Perkins is a good player, but the only thing he can do is to foul me," Randolph said with a big breath. "The best way he can defend me is to foul, he can't defend me because he's too slow. He's a big guy and can only foul. I don't think anyone in this league can defend me, not just Perkins. I can say this to him face to face. In fact, I've already said it in front of him." Randolph said these words before the second game. In fact, judging from the progress of the second game, Randolph was a bit too happy too early. Throughout the game, he was always sandwiched and defended by the Thunder, and even though Perkins couldn't defend him alone, he couldn't beat four hands with two punches. Not to mention, as soon as the game started today, Randolph was given a face lift by Perkins under the basket. Throughout the game, Randolph only made 2 out of 13 shots and scored 15 points and grabbed 9 rebounds. Compared to previous games, Randolph was not in form today. Naturally, the Grizzlies also lost the game 102-111. Although Randolph's evaluation of Perkins sounds somewhat harsh. However, this is not a big problem either. Since joining the league, Randolph has been involved in teams such as the Trail Blazers, Knicks, and Clippers, and has never had the opportunity to showcase his true abilities. It wasn't until the Grizzlies that Randolph showed his potential as a leader, in addition to averaging 20+and 10+per game. It also eliminated the original championship favorite Spurs in one fell swoop in the playoffs, which shocked all the media and fans. The defeat in the second game was not a big blow to Randolph. After all, the Thunder is also quite strong, and the Grizzlies' ability to advance to the second round has exceeded the expectations of the outside world. And of course, this is the credit of Randolph. For him, the 15 points and 9 rebounds in the second game were just a small episode. What Randolph needs to do is to prove as soon as possible in the third game that what he released is not a big deal. (XWT185)
Preliminary exploration of the 2012 draft: The new Wolf King has arrived, and Rivers' son has no chance of winning the championship! Sina Sports News: According to the famous talent selection website nbadraft. Some people say that this year's NBA draft is a small year, and the 2012 draft is the star studded one. Let's put aside the upcoming 2011 draft for now and take a look at those talented high school students and potential stocks for the future. Among them, there are talented forwards behind famous teams, interior monsters known as the new wolf king, and scoring machines with exceptional talent. Let's take a look at what new changes they have made as they are about to enter university based on their recent performance in some competitions. In the 2012 draft rankings, Anthony Davis topped the list, while Harrison Barnes, who had previously withdrawn from the 2011 draft and chose to stay in school, ranked second. James McAdoo, who had the blood of a wealthy family, was in the top spot. Austin Rivers, who had been regarded as the strongest high school student of 2011, only ranked 11th. Although this list emphasizes on immediate combat power, which may be unfair to Rivers, who has not yet started competing in the NCAA, from a potential perspective, nbadraft has also given their own opinion that Celtics coach Doug Rivers' son does not have the top scorer! Red List: Anthony Davis, 2.08 meters, power forward, about to join the University of Kentucky. Predicted pick: 1. Template: Kevin Garnett Davis quickly demonstrated his potential with his physique advantage, being hailed as the new generation of Garnett and becoming the top pick in the 2012 draft. He shared the MVP award with James McAdoo in the Jordan Classic, and his outstanding performance even made his teammates feel ashamed. He has dominance on both ends of the offensive and defensive lines in the interior. Due to his previous experience as a defender, Anthony Davis has the ability to dribble the ball and make breakthroughs, which will leave defenders facing him at a loss. As time goes by, he will shock more NBA scouts and coaches. James McAdoo, 2.06 meters, small forward/power forward, is about to join the University of North Carolina. Prediction: 3. Template: As the nephew of NBA Hall of Fame member Bob McAdoo, McAdoo has won the MVP awards for both the McDonald's High School Game and the Jordan Classic this year. Mike Ado, who is 2.06 meters tall, can play as both a small forward and a power forward, and has sufficient threat both inside and outside. His NBA level physical and athletic abilities are highly favored by scouts, and his ability to read games will make it easier for him to improve. Mike Carpenter, 1.88 meters tall, point guard, about to join the University of Texas. Forecast pick: 8, template: Bubowa. He may be the fastest guard in the 2012 draft, and Carpenter has demonstrated excellent control and passing abilities in some high school competitions this year. He is a pure point guard and doesn't always think about scoring. He is very confident on the field, but he will not be complacent. Mike Cabog is an absolutely talented point guard. Marquez Teague, 1.88 meters tall, point guard, about to join the University of Kentucky. Forecast pick: 9. Template: Marquez Teague has outstanding athletic talent and amazing explosive power, and his first move amazed everyone. As an efficient point guard, Marquez Tig possesses both speed and strength, which gives him great NBA prospects. Tigg, who is about to join the University of Kentucky, will become another rising star point guard under the famous coach John Calipari. Blacklist: Malik Wayne, 1.85 meters, point guard, Villanova University predicted pick: 22, template: Terrell Brandon. Malik Wayne did not improve his weaknesses in his freshman season. Although there are few center backs in this year's draft, Malik Waynes, who is already a sophomore, has hardly any highlights this season. We appreciate his breakthrough in combining strength and speed, but his flaws on the outside lines have been exposed, with a three-point shooting percentage of only 27% this season. Facing the upcoming junior season, he must fully control the team's offense, create scoring opportunities for his teammates, and improve his shooting ability. Austin Rivers, 1.93 meters, shooting guard, about to join Duke University. Prediction: 11, template: Stephen Curry. As is well known, as the son of Celtics head coach Rivers, he is the kind of player who can score anywhere. But scouts and coaches now question whether he can inspire his teammates and become a leader. Faced with opportunities, he needs to learn when to choose his own attack and when to assist his teammates in scoring, instead of sticking the ball in his hand and hindering its movement among teammates. And as a shooting guard, his height is at a disadvantage. How to organize the team's attack and unite the team will become an important criterion for whether this talented player can further improve. Michael Gilchrist, 1.98 meters tall, small forward, will soon join the University of Kentucky. Forecast pick: 12, template: Andre Iguodala Gilchrist constantly showcases his outstanding athletic talent, but he still lacks any outstanding skills. He doesn't have many attacking styles and lacks smooth outside shooting ability. His shooting in the Jordan Classic was slightly poor, and he also needs to improve in creating shooting opportunities. However, his cold playing style, outstanding athletic talent, and outstanding defense will still give him a place in the lottery. (clay)
Rondo fought until he could only lie down and rest due to injury, and his iron blooded spirit was destined to go down in history. Sina Sports News: The 87-97 Celtics failed to block the Heat and bid farewell to the playoffs with a total score of 1-4. Rajon Rondo, who took on the battle, started with 30 minutes and 15 seconds of play. He only scored 6 points and provided 3 assists with 3 out of 5 shots. His left arm injury clearly affected his performance, and he had to lie on the ground to rest when he left the field. In the first half, Rondo made 3 of 3 shots and 1 assist, scoring 6 points and providing 1 assist. Behind his 100% shooting percentage was Rondo's helplessness in reducing his destructive power and control due to injury. Three goals, two layups, and one mid-range shot, but all four points in the penalty area were obtained through free cuts, with assists from Garnett and Ray Allen respectively. Due to being trapped in his left arm, Rondo's sharp breakthrough and swift steal were missing. At 3 minutes and 36 seconds in the second quarter, Rondo broke into the penalty area and hesitated to pass the ball when he saw a Heat player assisting in defense. However, his teammates did not expect him to pass, and Rondo did not grasp the strength of the pass. The ball hit Davis' calf directly. Although Davis fought hard to get the ball, the attacking organization had already failed this time, and Davis' strong shot did not enter due to limited time. On the defensive end, Rondo would choose to dodge in physical confrontation, and in the second quarter at 2:20, Chalmers easily crossed his shoulder and scored a layup. The left arm injury also lowered Rondo's defensive statistics: he averaged 4.4 rebounds per game in the regular season and rose to 5.9 rebounds in the playoffs, but Rondo only grabbed 2 rebounds in the last game and still grabbed 2 rebounds today. In the first two games with the Miami Heat, Rondo made a total of four steals, but in the following three games, he only made a total of two steals. In the second half of today, Rondo did not score any points and only provided 2 assists. It was West who stayed on the field in the final moments of the game. Judging from the big score, the Heat won relatively easily, but most of the games were decided in the final moments. If Rondo is not injured, relying on his normal or even extraordinary contributions can make a difference for the Green Army and at least create some difficulties for the Heat. The controller was injured at a critical moment, and Garnett also encountered this situation in 2004, when the Timberwolves led by the Trolls met the F4 version of the Lakers in the Western Conference Finals. Sam Cassell's injury greatly reduced the combat effectiveness of the Timberwolves, and they ultimately lost 2-4 to the Lakers. Unexpectedly, a similar scene would happen again 7 years later. (Grass Head King)
Give three points! KG was thrown away like this, with all 14 fouls from the Green Army hitting him. Sina Sports News 102-91, the Heat won another city at home and headed to Boston with a total score of 2-0. Bosh played for 38 minutes, contributing 17 points, 11 rebounds, 4 assists, and 2 blocks with all-around statistics. In this game, Bosh showed a very positive performance as soon as he came up. He covered a layup by Ray Allen and then forcefully hit the basket, causing a foul by O'Neal. He hit both free throws and then a big hat kicked Allen's layup. At 6 minutes and 20 seconds, Bosh held the ball from a high position and faced Garnett's defense. With a feint shot, he only killed the basket after starting Garnett. Facing Garnett's close defense and O'Neal's patch defense, he forcefully hit the ball and caused a foul from O'Neal, completing a 2+1 and forcing the Celtics' starting center to carry two fouls early and have to rest off the field. It can be said that from the performance in the first quarter, Bosh still has a strong desire to win. In the next game, Bosh brought four benches from the Heat, while the Celtics also had a rotating lineup on the field. At 9 minutes and 12 seconds, Bosh forcefully hit Glenn Davis, causing the latter to commit a foul, two free throws and one hit. Two minutes later, he committed another foul by the big baby, but unfortunately, it was another two free throws and one hit. At 1 minute and 54 seconds, Bosh made a mid-range shot, helping the Heat lead by 3 points. In the third quarter, Bosh still maintained a good hand feel, making a mid-range shot in 9 minutes and 44 seconds, but his performance in this game was not much. At the beginning of the fourth quarter, the Celtics continued to chase after points, and after West hit three pointers, the Celtics were only one point behind. At 10 minutes and 25 seconds, Bosh made a jump shot, helping the Heat stabilize the situation. At 3 minutes and 28 seconds, Bosh forcefully hit the basket, causing O'Neal to commit another foul, two free throws and one hit. Then Garnett missed the shot, and Bosh grabbed the rebound, causing Rondo to commit another foul, two free throws and one hit. At this point, the Heat were already leading by as much as 13 points. And Bosh's mid-range shot at 1 minute and 29 seconds laid a solid foundation for the Heat's victory. Compared to becoming an interior blue collar in the first game, Bosh had many opportunities in this game. Although he only made 10 phone calls, he hit 5 of them. In addition, he had the second highest number of free throw opportunities in the team, 11. If he hadn't only hit 7, Bosh would have had a chance to score 20+10 today. Throughout the game, the Celtics committed a total of 24 fouls, with 6 of them hitting Bosh. Meanwhile, the two major players, Xiao Ao and Da Bao, also committed a total of 5 fouls on the inside, demonstrating the immense impact he had on the Celtics. In addition to his contribution to scoring, Bosh is still awesome on the defensive end. His 11 rebounds and 2 blocks fully reflect his strength. Setting aside these primary duties, Bosh also provided up to 4 assists and frequently pulled to high positions to assist, which reflects his important tactical position in this team today. This is exactly what the Heat must do to go further in the playoffs. (carry)
After the Lakers were recently eliminated by the Mavericks, head coach Jackson publicly stated that he does not want to return to the sidelines to command the team in the near future. As a result, the Lakers have recently started their coach selection process, and the candidates are only in the process of being formed. On the 12th, news from the NBA stated that the Lakers have shown "strong interest" in Adelman as a candidate for head coach. However, the report stated that Brian Shaw, the Lakers assistant coach who has long served as Jackson, has received strong support from Lakers players such as Kobe Bryant and Fisher, who believe that Brian Shaw is the most promising candidate to succeed Jackson as coach. According to reports, the Lakers are interested in Adelman not only because of his successful leadership history with the Trail Blazers, Kings, and Rockets, but also because of his expertise in coaching experienced teams and his tactical system being similar to Jackson's. In addition to Adelman and Brian Shaw, the Lakers had previously expressed interest in Jeff Van Gundy, another former Rockets coach. In addition, former fast fleet coach Deng Liwei is also being considered as a candidate for coach. It is understood that the decision-making power of the Lakers' coach selection this time mainly lies in the hands of the team owner, the owner's son, and the general manager. (End)
Before the competition against Shandong, although Zhang Bo was on the registration list of the Bayi team, when the technical station read Zhang Bo's name, he did not appear in person. Originally, although Zhang Bo arrived in Jinan, his condition was not good afterwards. He rushed to Beijing the next day for examination and treatment. On the afternoon of February 19th at 4 o'clock, the long delayed Bayi team finally arrived in Jinan from Ningbo. However, when the competition area bus received the Bayi team and their delegation, the team doctor urgently inquired about hospitals in Jinan.   After Zhang Bo was injured, the Bayi team was struggling with their troops. Han Shuo and Wang Lei allowed Adijiang to use almost the entire game, especially in the position of point guard. Although young player Zhang Chengyu was able to score on his own after entering the field, his experience and ability were not enough, and Wang Zhongguang's body has not recovered to its best, and his performance was unsatisfactory. (Bai Pengfei)
Delong is pressuring the team to strengthen: The Nets are more attractive than the Jazz. Sina Sports News, May 5th, Beijing time. Although the playoffs are still ongoing, many players are already considering their future destinations due to possible shutdowns. Deron Williams, who transferred to the Nets midway this season, is one of them. In an interview yesterday, he stated that he was considering playing overseas. However, according to the Nets Daily, Williams changed his tune again today, possibly due to the impact. Of course, I really like the Nets, "Williams said." I really like Coach Johnson, and I've talked to the team countless times. I think we're moving in the right direction. "Not only that, Williams also said," I should stay. "In addition, Williams revealed to reporters that one of his work priorities for next season is to help Brook Lopez grow. I want to help him show dominance every night, not every now and then. Of course, being willing to stay doesn't mean Williams is satisfied with the current state of the Nets. To be honest, we still need to strengthen ourselves, that's right. Our team is good at everything, from management to players, and the owner also wants to win and is willing to trade. However, we still need good players, "Williams said. The Nets are also very clear about what he is thinking," they know my ideas, and my wishes are feasible, especially now. If we were in Utah, it might be difficult to trade. However, since the team is moving to Brooklyn, I think this will greatly increase our attractiveness. The new stadium and new owner will help us attract new players. "If we combine it with yesterday's statement, that is to say, if the Nets are willing to do trades, it will be more attractive. So Williams will stay. If the Nets remain stagnant, then Williams may still demand to leave? (XWT185)
The Trail Blazers have exceeded people's expectations time and time again this season, and they have proven that they will never easily give up any opportunities. However, tomorrow's game will be the ultimate test for the Trail Blazers. Losing means summer vacation has come. "When faced with a game where losing means being eliminated, everyone often wants to show their all-around level, which is exactly what they are good at," Brandon Roy said. "Therefore, the most important thing tomorrow is to play to their own level. Whether the opponent is leading or we are leading, we cannot panic. We need to show the level we showed in the regular season. In short, we have the ability to defeat the Mavericks." Perhaps there is nothing better than the fourth game between the two sides. It can better reflect the perseverance of the Trail Blazers team, They fell behind by 23 points in the third quarter, but still turned the tide with Roy's super performance. Whether this three time All Star player can also perform well tomorrow will greatly affect the Trail Blazers' chances of winning. In addition, they also need to find ways to curb the Mavericks' pick and roll cooperation. In the past few games, the Trail Blazers have sent Nowitzki to the free throw line too many times. As the third seeded team in the Western Conference, the Mavericks had complete control of the situation in the last game, which was particularly prominent in the interior. Tyson Chandler grabbed up to 20 rebounds, and the Trail Blazers' big players seemed to have become mere decorations for a while. The star player Dirk Nowitzki has been consistently performing well in this series, while the Mavericks have almost always had another player stand out in every game. They are Jason Kidd, Peja Stojakovic, and Jason Terry, and Chandler became their "surprise" in the previous game. Who will be the next one? Every time they suffer a defeat away from home, the Mavericks feel a headache. Since 2006, their playoff away record has only been 2 wins and 18 losses, and in the past 4 seasons, they have stopped in the first round of the playoffs 3 times. Therefore, for the Mavericks, if they can defeat the Trail Blazers away tomorrow, it will boost their morale. "We know what we should do, we are all considered an old team. If we can avoid playing the seventh game, we will definitely not play the seventh game," said forward Sean Marion. "This is our plan, and we will do it as we wish." Looking back at the past record of the two teams, the Trail Blazers have achieved 46 wins and 18 losses against the Mavericks at home, and their home record in the playoffs is even higher. Whether to continue this momentum with 8 wins and 1 loss, or to be reversed and eliminated by the Mavericks, remains to be seen. (Likes)
Nei Nei is considering trying the free market this summer, and a salary of tens of millions of yuan is also a floating cloud for him. Sina Sports News, May 4th, Beijing time. Although Denver Nuggets center Nei Nei Hilario's contract with the team will only expire for one year, according to the Denver Post, a local media outlet in Denver, Nei Nei is likely to choose to execute the player option in the contract this summer and jump out of the contract early to become a free agent.   (The Nuggets previously signed a 6-year, $60 million contract with Nene, with player options within the last year.) "I've been here for 9 years," said the 28 year old Nene. If I play happily, if I enjoy this game, I will perform even better, "said Nene. I have made enough contributions to this city, its fans, and this team. But the team also needs to understand what I really need, at least they need to show me what kind of return I can get after my efforts. "Although the Nuggets have undergone a major overhaul this season, as the team's main center, Nei's performance has remained stable, averaging a career high 14.5 points, 61.5% shooting percentage, 7.6 rebounds, and 1.1 steals per game. After starting his professional career at the Nuggets in 2002, Nene experienced serious injuries multiple times. In the opening game of the 05-06 season, Nene suffered a torn ligament in his right knee and bid farewell to the entire season after only playing one game. Subsequently, in November 2007, the Brazilian center also suffered a torn medial collateral ligament in his left thumb, which required him to rest for a long time. However, these major injuries did not stop Nei from striving forward. After repelling these injuries and returning to the field, Nei's condition seemed to have taken a step further. In the past three seasons, Nei has also protected himself physically, playing at least 75 games in a single season. For the past 9 years, you have dedicated your best career to Denver, and in my heart, the Denver Nuggets name has always been unparalleled, "Nene said." I really want to play here until retirement, but you know the future is unpredictable, but as long as I stay here for one more day, I will dedicate all my strength to this team
The 1.7-second divine strike saved the Spurs dynasty from danger, this rookie is a bit awesome! Sina Sports News: In the just concluded game, the Spurs returned home and narrowly defeated the Grizzlies 110-103 in extra time, avoiding the embarrassment of having the home audience witness the Black Eight. At the last minute of regular time, Gary Neal hit a big three pointer, which helped the Spurs bring the game into extra time and ultimately turn the tables. Coach Popovich arranged it in great detail, telling me to take the shot whenever there was a chance. Duncan's cover was great, he helped me completely block the opponent's defensive players, and my shooting vision was very good, so I took the shot. Even though he hit this priceless ball, Neil still kept a low profile. When asked if this was the most important shot of his career, he said, "That's right, so far it is." Neil, who had never been heard of before the season, has now become an indispensable puzzle piece for the Western Conference's top Spurs and hit the key shot to help the team survive in the crucial playoff game of "win or go home fishing". Behind this success lies a little-known and difficult journey. In his freshman year, he played for Russell University and won the A-10 Division Rookie of the Year award. However, a rape charge led to his dismissal from the team and he had to transfer to the lesser known Tucson University. Although he displayed impressive statistics and performance here, he was unfortunately not selected in the draft due to his lack of height and inadequate school. After being rejected, no NBA team signed him a short contract or invited him to training camp. He did not choose to play in the minor leagues, but instead became a low paying high school teacher. Some time later, an unknown small club in Türkiye invited him to play football. With the excitement of finally being able to play, he embarked on a trip to Europe. It was in this small team that he became famous and became the most dazzling star in the Türkiye League. One year later, he was spotted by Spanish powerhouse Barcelona and played alongside former NBA star Navarro and Argentine national team manager Sanchez. Subsequently, the homeless man from a foreign country traveled to two strong European teams, Benetton in Italy and Malaga in Spain. After three years of training on the other side of the ocean, the Spurs' three-year contract finally made his initial dream come true. At the Spurs, Neil often reminds people of Bowen, who also returned from Europe. Although he was one of the top scorers in Europe, under Popovich's leadership, he worked diligently in defense, hitting three empty pointers and being a perfect role player. In the eyes of many people, Neil seems to be just an ordinary shooter, but his abilities are far more than that. Today's near kill in the game proves that he has a heart that Superman cannot match. (francischen)
The Lakers have identified one of their worst players in the first game, with a 0+1+1+0 attack that cannot defend or assist. Sina Sports News: Today, the Lakers lost 94-96 to the Mavericks in the second round of the playoffs. Prior to this season, the team's heavily signed Steve Blake only played for 9 minutes, scoring 0 points, 1 rebound, 1 steal, and 0 assist with one missed shot. Based on the matchup between the two teams before this series, Jason Kidd was the brain and core figure of the Mavericks, and when Kidd went off the field, the Mavericks did not have another qualified point guard to control the situation. However, fortunately, Kidd avoided teams with strong point guards from the playoffs, and when facing the Lakers, Derek Fisher's age was also comparable to his. But one thing, one of the purposes for the Lakers to sign Blake at the beginning of the season was to give Fisher some support in key games, and even provide the team with more firepower and speed on the offensive end. According to Blake's personal characteristics, his three-point shot will open up space for interior attacking players during a triangle attack, and he can make a shot when he finds an empty spot. However, if he becomes a ball handler in the Lakers' second team lineup, he should be able to provide the ability to push fast breaks when the team changes gears. But today Blake was almost invisible on the field, he only made one shot at the bottom of the three-point corner towards the end of the first quarter, which was the only time he had a sense of participation in this game. His other performances could only be considered as playing soy sauce. In this way, when the Lakers changed their starting and backup lineups, almost all the responsibility was entrusted to Lamar Odom. On the defensive end, Blake was almost an air presence during his poor playing time today, and incidents of being casually crossed by opponents occurred repeatedly. The use of Blake has always been a dilemma for the Lakers this season. Their second team has versatile organizers like Odom, and their first team mostly plays triangle attacks and focuses on interior attacks. Blake's role has been weakened to a fixed-point shooter, but it is clear that although Blake is not popular, he is also a point guard who tends to need the ball in hand. Weakening his function is still a trade-off for the Lakers. Perhaps in the next game, Lakers coach Phil Jackson will come up with some new ideas for Blake's use. [Sina NBA Official Weibo] [Sina NBA Lakers News Weibo] [Technical Statistics] [High Definition Replay] [Game Record] (San'er) Sina Sports News: Today, the Lakers lost 94-96 to the Mavericks in the second round of the playoffs. Steve Blake, who was heavily signed by the team before this season, only played for 9 minutes, scoring 0 points, 1 rebound, 1 steal, and 0 assist in one missed shot. Based on the matchup between the two teams before this series, Jason Kidd was the brain and core figure of the Mavericks, and when Kidd went off the field, the Mavericks did not have another qualified point guard to control the situation. However, fortunately, Kidd avoided teams with strong point guards from the playoffs, and when facing the Lakers, Derek Fisher's age was also comparable to his. But one thing, one of the purposes for the Lakers to sign Blake at the beginning of the season was to give Fisher some support in key games, and even provide the team with more firepower and speed on the offensive end. According to Blake's personal characteristics, his three-point shot will open up space for interior attacking players during a triangle attack, and he can make a shot when he finds an empty spot. However, if he becomes a ball handler in the Lakers' second team lineup, he should be able to provide the ability to push fast breaks when the team changes gears. But today Blake was almost invisible on the field, he only made one shot at the bottom of the three-point corner towards the end of the first quarter, which was the only time he had a sense of participation in this game. His other performances could only be considered as playing soy sauce. In this way, when the Lakers changed their starting and backup lineups, almost all the responsibility was entrusted to Lamar Odom. On the defensive end, Blake was almost an air presence during his poor playing time today, and incidents of being casually crossed by opponents occurred repeatedly. The use of Blake has always been a dilemma for the Lakers this season. Their second team has versatile organizers like Odom, and their first team mostly plays triangle attacks and focuses on interior attacks. Blake's role has been weakened to a fixed-point shooter, but it is clear that although Blake is not popular, he is also a point guard who tends to need the ball in hand. Weakening his function is still a trade-off for the Lakers. Perhaps in the next game, Lakers coach Phil Jackson will come up with some new ideas for Blake's use. [Sina NBA official Weibo] [Sina NBA Lakers news dynamic Weibo] [Technical statistics] [High definition replay] [Game recording] (San'er)
At this moment, the excitement in my heart could no longer hold back, and all the hard work and pain of the past few years turned into tears of happiness in an instant, overflowing from my eyes. James and Wade finally jumped over the Celtics mountain. During halftime, I told my teammates, 'I'm really eager to win this game.' LeBron walked over and glanced at me, saying, 'I'll have, your, back,' "Wade recalled after the game." You couldn't find better support than this! In fact, we've been doing this all season. "James contributed 33 points, 7 rebounds, and 4 assists throughout the game, and it was he who scored 10 points in the crucial 130 seconds of the game, securing the victory for the Miami Heat. This is what Wade called 'support,' and the Flash himself contributed 34 points and 10 rebounds. This is James' 39th postseason "30+" in his professional career, but it is also the first time he and his teammates have scored "30+" in the playoffs at the same time. I know I can't defeat a team alone (the Celtics), and I know it's a team I have to defeat, "James said." If it weren't for them, we (the Heat trio) might not have joined forces... They could have taken advantage of every mistake we made, and I couldn't have defeated KG, Ray Allen, Pierce all at the same time... That's why we chose to come together last summer. ”When you're playing a game, having a player next to you doing what LeBron did is an undeniable feeling, "Wade said." I'm his fan on the court, and he can make the game easier. "[Sina NBA Official Weibo], [Heat News Dynamic Weibo], [Technical Statistics], [Live Recording], [High Definition Photos] (Sina Sports, Li Shuangfu, from Miami)
Kobe Bryant scored 24 points, the Lakers won 4-2 and advanced, while Paul bid farewell with 10+11+8. Sina Sports News: On April 29th, Beijing time, the defending champion Lakers defeated the Hornets 98-80 on the road and advanced to the Western Conference semifinals with a total score of 4-2. Their opponents were the winners of the Trail Blazers and Mavericks. >>>How do you evaluate the Lakers' 4-2 elimination of the Hornets to advance to the second round? Lakers No. 24 Kobe Bryant made 10 free throws and 10 runs, scoring 24 points. Andrew Bynum scored 18 points and grabbed 12 rebounds, Pau Gasol scored 16 points and grabbed 8 rebounds, and Lamar Odom, who came off the bench, scored 14 points and grabbed 8 rebounds. The Lakers have a 43-30 advantage in rebounds. Chris Paul almost hit a triple double, contributing 10 points, 11 assists, and 8 rebounds, but the Hornets still couldn't escape the fate of being eliminated. Karl Landry has 19 points, Trevor Ariza has 12 points, and Marco Bellinelli has 11 points. Paul alone is not enough to stop the Lakers from defending their title. The Lakers have an advantage in the basket, and after stabilizing their position, they can still calmly advance. Both teams are very active in defense, and scoring in the first quarter is not easy. With 2 minutes and 11 seconds left in this quarter, Brown made a dunk in the air relay. Prior to this, Kobe and Andrew each made a shot, and after a 6-2 run, the Lakers led 16-12. Landry immediately dunked with color, and the Hornets only fell behind 16-18 in the first quarter. After the start of the second quarter, Bynum made two successful layups and scored six points for the Lakers alone. The Lakers missed multiple shots from the outside and only relied on scoring from under the basket. There were 4 minutes and 23 seconds left in this quarter before Kobe made a three pointer, leading 31-28. Kobe then made successful steals and scored on a fast break layup. He then assisted Fisher, who made a mid-range shot, expanding the Lakers' advantage by 40-32. Paul scored another goal, and the Hornets fell behind 34-40 in the first half. The last time the Hornets narrowed the gap was in the third quarter with 9 minutes and 14 seconds left, when Belinelli made a dunk and tied the score at 40-42. Gasol hit two consecutive close range jump shots, Kobe made two free throws afterwards, and the Lakers scored six points in a row, starting to widen the gap. Despite being injured, Kobe remains a formidable assassin. At 1 minute and 35 seconds left in this quarter, after the Hornets made a three pointer, Kobe immediately took another ball. After receiving a pass from Artest, he was nearly one meter away from the three-point line, but he made a decisive shot and hit a three pointer. The Lakers maintained a double-digit lead with a score of 63-53. The Hornets failed to shoot in the last 2 minutes of this quarter, and Kobe committed a malicious foul in the final moments, making two free throws and two hits. The Lakers advanced to the final quarter with a score of 69-57. The Lakers' substitute became the last straw for the Hornets' collapse. Shortly after the start of the fourth quarter, Odom hit a three pointer, and then he made two free throws and two runs. With 8 minutes and 28 seconds left in the quarter, Brown made a successful shot, and the Lakers lost 78-59 to their opponents. After Landry took three consecutive shots with free throws, Brown made two more free throws, and Odom made another layup. With 7 minutes and 23 seconds left in the game, the Lakers had a 20 point lead of 82-62. Kobe and other starting players didn't play until halfway through the fourth quarter, while Paul kept leading the Hornets in a desperate counterattack. Unfortunately, the Hornets' shooting percentage is not high. They played for 7 minutes in this quarter and only hit three goals. The Hornets were unable to narrow the gap to within 12 points and had to say goodbye to this season. Lakers starting lineup: Drake Fisher, Kobe Bryant, Andrew Bynum, Pau Gasol, and Ron Artest. Hornets starting lineup: Chris Paul, Marco Bellinelli, Emeka Okafor, Trevor Ariza, and Karl Landry. [Sina NBA official Weibo] [Sina NBA Lakers news dynamic Weibo] [Technical statistics] [High definition replay] [Game recording] (Angkor)
Three miracles pose the biggest challenge for Thunder, how can that fat guy defend himself? Sina Sports News: On May 14th Beijing time, the Grizzlies defeated the Thunder 95-83 at home, tying the total score to 3-3 and entering the seventh life and death battle between the two sides. Zack Randolph scored 12 points in the final quarter and contributed 30 points and 13 rebounds throughout the game, becoming the biggest contributor to the Grizzlies' victory. In the fourth quarter of the game, with 9 minutes and 04 seconds left, the Grizzlies replaced Randolph again. By this time, they had already brought the score back to 74-71. Although the Thunder had firmly controlled the pace of the game in the first three quarters, the momentum completely reversed in the last quarter of the game. After Randolph made his comeback, the game also became his personal performance. He now hooked up inside to score, and then pulled up outside to receive Conley's assist for a long-range shot. Two consecutive attacks also gave Randolph a sense of touch, as he began to dominate the offensive end with a frontal jump shot and a powerful attack that broke through the basket. Randolph was almost unstoppable on the offensive end, and the previously tied score was quickly widened to around 10 points. This reversal only takes 3-4 minutes. For defending Randolph, the Thunder has come up with many ways. They have tried using Ibrahimovic and Perkins to defend Randolph, but when he felt like he was shooting wildly, the Thunder really had no way to deal with Randolph in a one-on-one situation. This also directly led to the collapse of the Thunder at the last moment. In fact, this is not the first time Randolph has shown his exceptional personal abilities on the offensive end. In the series against the Thunder, Randolph scored 34 points in his first two games, and in his third game against the Thunder, he scored 21 points and grabbed 21 rebounds, setting a new career high. His incredible dominance has made the Thunder fully feel his fear. Moving forward, in the game against the Spurs, the Grizzlies also relied on Randolph's final burst to successfully perform the Black Eight Miracle. In the sixth game against the Spurs, Randolph alone scored 31 points and grabbed 11 rebounds. Now, the question for Thunder has arrived. Losing this game is not the end of the world for them, as there is still a chance for them to defeat the Grizzlies in the seventh game, but the Thunder must figure out how to defend Randolph. In the fifth game between the two sides, the Thunder's defense against Randolph was actually very good. In that game, he only made 9 shots, only 3 hits, and scored 9 points and grabbed 7 rebounds. But in this game, the Thunder still couldn't stop his personal attack. In the upcoming decisive battle, if Randolph is still allowed to take control on the offensive end, the Thunder will still be very dangerous. When Randolph finds his grip, do they need to use a pinch defense against him? This is a question that the Thunder needs to consider carefully. And if we really want to secure Randolph, we also need to pay attention to how to prevent the Grizzlies from creating opportunities for other points by transferring the ball. After all, Gasol is also a player who can play both inside and outside, and his form in the playoffs has always been very good. The Grizzlies' twin towers in the interior will still be the most difficult point for the Thunder to deal with. For the Thunder, the most difficult thing is that Randolph not only has comprehensive personal offensive skills, but also can pass the ball. They set up numerous obstacles under the basket but couldn't stop me because I could create shooting space through passing, "Randolph had previously said. Not only does Randolph perform well in offense, but he is also a skilled rebounder. Although he is only 2.06 meters tall, he is good at grabbing rebounds by seizing advantageous positions. This year's regular season, Randolph averaged 12.2 rebounds per game, ranking third in the league. Faced with such a fat guy who can single himself, jump shoot directly, break through with the ball, make strong attacks under the basket, and pass and coordinate, it's really difficult for the Thunder to handle. (Jia Lei)
After becoming the 'former head coach', Smart accepted a phone interview with team reporter Marcus Thompson. You have to be prepared at all times for this kind of thing to happen (after class), "Smart said." Since I became a coach, I knew that one day I would face such a situation. Being a head coach is about leading the team in the right direction, making the players play in the right way. If everyone can cooperate well, the outcome won't be too bad. But even if (like now) the cooperation is not good, I have proven my ability to coach an NBA team. ”The past is unbearable to look back on. Smart, who took over the coaching baton from coach Don Nelson after years of hard work, will bid farewell to the Warriors in just one season. Although the team did not make it to the playoffs this season, Smart's team improved their record by 10 wins, which is not a too disappointing result, but it is not enough to keep his job. Smart said he doesn't want to comment too much on the fate of being fired despite making progress. I can't draw a conclusion whether this is fair or not, "he said." I put in my own effort to lead the team in the right direction. Fair or unfair, who knows? What should happen will happen. "After 7 years as a teaching assistant and 1 year as a head coach, Smart once regarded Golden State as a" place to take root. Regarding his future, Smart stated that he will continue to seek a position as an NBA head coach (with little hope), but as long as he can stay in the league, being a teaching assistant is also acceptable.   Thompson learned about the candidate list for the new coach from within the Warriors. The biggest names on the list are Jerry Sloan, who retired from the Jazz this season, as well as former Cavaliers coach Mike Brown and former Nets coach Lawrence Frank, who previously played with Yi Jianlian during his tenure. In addition, there are two current assistant coaches on the list, namely Mike Badenholts from the Spurs and Dwayne Casey from the Mavericks. But according to Thompson's analysis, since Sloan has already expressed satisfaction with retirement life, asking him to come out again is just "a beautiful fantasy". The main targets of the Warriors are still Brown and Casey. (Chen Zui)
Replacing the NCAA with a development league has become a joke, ESPN: NBDL's brand is not strong enough. Sina Sports News, May 7th, Beijing time. According to ESPN, as the NBA develops, its "peripheral leagues" are also constantly developing. Recently, there has been a heated debate among industry insiders regarding the proposal to replace the NCAA with NBDL and become the NBA's player reserve warehouse. Latavios Williams (the first high school student in history to be selected by the NBDL, who graduated from high school without entering college or the NBA, and was therefore selected by the NBDL) is still waiting for the Oklahoma City Thunder's call in the NBDL. ESPN expert Imon Brennan believes that Williams' experience reflects the irrationality of the NBA's current rule prohibiting high school students from entering the league. Mark Batstein, the founder of Pierardi Sports Entertainment and the agent of stars such as Danny Granger and David Lee, said that although NBDL is good, there are also many drawbacks. The Development League is a fascinating place where no one can reach the sky overnight, "Batstein said." Everyone there is trying to wait for the call. The referees are waiting for the call, the coaches are waiting for the call, the players are waiting for the call, and even the scorekeepers are waiting for the call. Everyone has to enter the NBA, and the NBA is so attractive. NBDL is a true small league system, that's no problem. They have done a lot of work and established a development alliance, but it is also a very isolated system, and I cannot be sure if any player there has grown well. ”But there are also many people who hold a negative attitude. Dan Reed, a member of the Development Alliance, pointed out that the Alliance has made a lot of efforts in educating players. After leaving college and before entering the NBA, players often learn some training knowledge and improve their personal qualities in NBDL. Reed believes that some people accuse the conditions of the Development Alliance of being too rough, which itself is very harsh and ignorant. Some people say that the development of young players requires a favorable environment, "Reed said." Given the quality of players and the integration of the NBA, we are trying to accelerate their development, which we believe is an advantage. But we cannot make everyone like this, after all, everyone is different. ”ESPN expert Henry Abbott said that the key factor in whether NBDL can replace NCAA is brand power. Players who play basketball at well-known universities often appear live on television, which makes fans, owners, and team managers trust their abilities more. Only then will NBA teams consider choosing this player. Choosing to enter NBDL may be more reasonable and beneficial for development, but it has little effect on the external image of the players. (Amuro)
Zhan Wei lost to his teammate again on the three-point line, House: We kicked their butt hard. Sina Sports News, Beijing time, May 1st (Miami time, April 30th) News: The Heat continued training at the American Airlines Arena today. After the training, LeBron James and Dwyane Wade raised their hands again to summon Eddie House and Mike Bibi. Why are four people gathering together? Two on two team three-point shooting competition. These four people had a similar shooting game yesterday. There are a total of six points outside the three-point line, with three symmetrical points on each side. Each player throws three balls at each point, and players from both teams try to shoot in turn. The team with the most goals at each point earns one point.   I didn't interview the person involved after yesterday's game, but I caught one today. This was LeBron's idea. He took the initiative to compare three pointers with me and Mike (Bibi), "House told Sina Sports. Well, both sides went up and down, and after six points, they were tied. We played 3-3 in the first six points, but we won the tiebreaker, "House said." We kicked their butt hard, wanting revenge... "Before House could finish speaking, James walked up to him, stopped and gave him a fierce glare. House's face remained unchanged and he coldly retaliated. At this moment, Bibi also finished training and came to the sidelines. Watching House proudly boast about their victory to reporters, he also smiled and said, "That's right, we won." (Sina Sports, Li Shuangfu, from Miami)
Survey - How would you evaluate the first Eastern Conference semifinals between the Heat and Celtics? Sina Sports News: In the early morning of May 2nd Beijing time, the second round of the playoffs began, and the Heat took the lead, defeating the Celtics 99-90 at home. Dwyane Wade scored 38 points and provided 5 assists, while LeBron James scored 22 points, grabbed 6 rebounds, and provided 5 assists. Chris Bosh made 3 out of 10 shots and only scored 7 points, but grabbed 12 rebounds. James Jones, who came off the bench, made 5 three pointers and scored 25 points. Ray Allen made 5 out of 8 three pointers, scoring 25 points for the Celtics. Paul Pierce scored 19 points, but he was expelled from the game before halfway through the fourth quarter. Kevin Garnett scored 6 points and grabbed 8 rebounds, while Rajon Rondo scored 8 points and provided 7 assists. How do you evaluate the Heat's first victory over the Celtics? (New body)
Grizzly vs Thunder II Forward looking Bag? 1v1？, Is Randolph really unsolvable? Sina Sports News: Thunder, who was knocked down by Zack Randolph's chaotic punches, absolutely cannot afford to lose in World War II. Facing the Grizzlies Twin Towers (54 points and 23 rebounds in the first game), the Thunder must find a way to deal with it. James Harden said, "The Grizzlies are completely in hand to hand combat. They played their first game aggressively, and we must be prepared. If we lose the second game, it will be difficult." Tomorrow at 9:30, the two teams will play the second game of the series at the Thunder's home ground. The data is not deceiving, the Grizzlies have a high internal score of 51.5 points per game, and this number has reached an average of 59 points per game in 4 regular season games against the Thunder. Harden said, "We must keep them outside the inside, not let them attack from the basket, and try to let them make shots from the outside. They are the leading scorers in the league, so we cannot let them get what they want." In several games against the Thunder, Randolph played 30+10 in three games, and Darrell Arthur said, "Zack told the Thunder what would happen if they didn't pick him up, but if they did pick him up, Zack would give the ball to pitchers with empty outside lines, which is not a problem for him." Randolph is already the hottest star in the playoffs, and after the Black and White Spurs, it seems that the Thunder can't stop him either. After the Trail Blazers, Knicks, and Clippers, Randolph finally found a sense of home in the Grizzlies. Grizzlies coach Hollins has a very high opinion of his beloved: "I think Zack is the abbreviation of a lifetime. When we were young, we were reckless. We did things we shouldn't have done, and gradually we grew up, matured, and became better people, whether in the game or in our lifetime." In front of the league's top low back defensive powerhouse Perkins and playoff block king Ibaka, Randolph was still unstoppable. No wonder even Kevin Durant praised Randolph as the best power forward in the league after the game. Thunder head coach Scott Brooks said, "Zack made 8 shots on the perimeter, and we didn't do enough, including Gasol." Randolph, on the other hand, wasn't interested in the Thunder's ability to face a big opponent: "We can shoot, we can use cover, and most of the things that big guys can't do, Mark and I can do." Pakins, who was frustrated by Randolph's attack, vowed to play the real Thunder's tough tomorrow. It seems that Pakins will show his strength at the Celtics. Expected starting lineup: Grizzlies: Conley, Allen, Yang, Randolph, Gasol Thunder: Westbrook, Souflossa, Durant, Ibaka, Perkins (Tian Huang)
Emperor Wade's data is as precise as a clone, does the Heat have no leader or dual leaders? Sina Sports News: On May 11th Beijing time, who is the true leader of the Heat, LeBron James or Dwyane Wade? There doesn't seem to be much need to discuss this issue now, as regardless of who the leader is, the Heat are leading the Celtics 3-1. Advancement is within reach. And in the eyes of The Sun Sentinel, both James and Wade can be said to be leaders of the Heat, or neither. It's okay to say yes, it's okay to say no. It sounds quite slippery. However, in reality, this is due to the extremely similar functions and roles of the two individuals. Let's take a look at the data of these two players in the first 9 games of the playoffs. James and Wade both scored 228 points, averaging 25.3 points per game. James and Wade both provided 45 assists, while Wade had 13 steals and James had 12. In terms of blocks, Wade has 13 and James has 12. James made a total of 78 shots, while Wade made 77. James has made 169 shots, while Wade has made 167. James has 83 free throws, while Wade has 80. From this set of data, there is almost no difference between James and Wade, and their contributions to the Heat are almost the same, almost like clones. If there is anything that can be reflected behind the dry data, it should be that a balance point has been found between these two people. Only with equal opportunities can James and Wade possibly obtain such close data. After defeating the Celtics in overtime in the last game, Wade also admitted that it took him almost a month to find the feeling of partnering with James. I have to say around December, "Wade said. It's the right direction, and we're moving forward in that direction. Indeed, let James and Wade serve as leaders together, Taking on leadership responsibility is the key to the Heat's ability to unleash their incredible power in the playoffs. Whether the Miami Heat can replicate the glory of 2006 this season largely depends on the performance and sharing of these two players in the upcoming games. (XWT185)
There is currently no possibility of dismissal for both ends of the Magic team. Da Fan: I can't believe Warcraft is still losing. Sina Sports News: On April 30th Beijing time, for the Orlando Magic, they were still the favorites to win the regular season, but were eliminated by the Hawks in the first round of the playoffs. Speaking of sadness, I'm afraid no team can compare to the Magic. According to the Orlando Sentinel, the eliminated magic team immediately faced various real-life problems.   However, being eliminated early still left Van Gundy extremely frustrated. I am very disappointed that my team has such a great player as Dwight Howard, but I was unable to lead them to win the series. "It can be heard that Van Gundy is quite unwilling. However, since we have already been eliminated, we must learn to accept reality. For Magic, the biggest priority right now is to keep Howard as soon as possible. The management of the Magic also admitted in an interview with reporters that they must keep the league's top center.   In fact, for both Howard and Van der Wade, the Magic have reached a point where adjustments are necessary. Two years ago, they lost to the Lakers in the NBA Finals; Last year, they advanced to the Eastern Conference Finals and lost to the Celtics. This year, they were unable to pass the first round. The continuously declining performance has been mercilessly exposed, and the current lineup of the Magic is problematic. Even Jeff Van Gundy, the younger brother of coach Van Gundy, mentioned this during his commentary on the game. In Jeff's opinion, the Hawks' promotion was not accidental. In terms of strength, the eagle's talent is much better than magic. So, in the regular season, when facing 50+winning teams, the Hawks had a record of only 6-18, but against the Magic, the Hawks had a record of 3-1, which speaks volumes. Orlando's magic has already failed this year. For Van der Wade, if he wants to start over next year, the cast may have to make adjustments. Otherwise, we might not even be able to retain the backbone of the magic team. (XWT185)
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie made a guest appearance in a new film, with their retro hairstyle being mocked as resembling their stepmother (pictured). Sina Entertainment reported that Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie attended the premiere of their new film in Germany two days ago (January 19th), and Julie, who had a retro hairstyle, was ridiculed by netizens as old-fashioned and looked like a vicious stepmother! As for their biological daughter, Shiloh Noviel, who also made a guest appearance in the film, the clip was recently exposed online. Pitt had previously filmed in Berlin and lived with his family there. The day before yesterday, he returned to the local area with Angelina Jolie to attend the premiere. Pitt grew a beard and combed his hair, much like Clark Gable; Julie wore a mature outfit, with Akris white suit and large earrings, and a vintage hairstyle. Unfortunately, she was mocked by netizens for being as old-fashioned as the First Lady. Over 60% of netizens even voted that she looked like she was wearing a half blown wig of Jacqueline Kennedy, and some even mocked her for being like a vicious stepmother. After the premiere, Julie disappeared and only Pete appeared alone at the celebration party. Pete suffers from age-related diseases in his new work "Youth Back". The day before yesterday, he said at a press conference that he is not afraid of aging, but worried about how to die. He also joked that being bitten to death by a shark would be very satisfying. He also claimed that he is as tough as a nail and never cries.   In addition, there are websites that publicly disclose the process of Pete putting on his old makeup in the film. In addition to using Pete's facial expressions as a blueprint, a large number of computer special effects were also used to assist. However, many plot points in the film have been accused of plagiarizing the old work "Forrest Gump" written by the screenwriter of "The Return of the Young", such as Pete piloting a ship and the Drunken Captain. And Shiloh Novell, the daughter of Pitt and Julie, also made a cameo appearance in "The Return of the Young", playing Pitt's daughter. Previously, she only appeared in one scene in the movie trailer, but it turned out that she had multiple scenes, including playing in the sand and celebrating her first birthday, and rarely had a big close-up or being with Pitt. The Visual Effects Society recently announced the nomination list for the 7th VES Awards, and Pitt's film "Age Back" was successfully nominated for four awards: "Most Outstanding Visual Effects", "Best Single Visual Effects of the Year", "Most Outstanding Dynamic Character" in live action films, and "Most Outstanding Composite Image". As for last summer's box office hit "Iron Man", it received five nominations and became the big winner. The award ceremony will be held on the 21st of next month. , (Fish/Text)
In addition to Angelina Jolie, James McAvoy, a handsome man from the UK, has become a new Hollywood heartthrob due to the film. Universal Pictures will now film two sequels to "Wanted" and offer him a high salary of £ 12 million. James McAvoy, born on April 21, 1979, has become increasingly popular in recent years. From Anne Hathaway, Keira Knightley to Angelina Jolie, the female stars he partners with are also getting bigger and bigger. James McAvoy, who was once a struggling child, initially played a poor and destitute company employee in "Wanted". He suffered from the bullying of his superiors, and his girlfriend had an affair with his best friend. He is a unlucky little person. James McAvoy portrayed this character vividly. In real life, James McAvoy also came from a difficult upbringing. At the age of seven, his parents divorced and he and his sister were placed in foster care with their grandmother. When he is lonely, he plays his beloved guitar and sings old nursery rhymes to his sister. Educate their grandmother to be strict yet conservative, teaching them to have good manners, to the point where food crumbs should not leak from the corners of their mouths, fingers should not be soaked in soup, and to treat shy people kindly and strangers gently. These educations deeply influenced James McAvoy.   The popular TV series' Dune Castle 'initially brought him good luck, and his gentle and gentlemanly demeanor received praise from British audiences. He gradually became popular. Before the release of "Wanted" in North America on June 27th this year, James McQuay appeared in New York for a show to promote the film. When asked by the host about his feelings about filming a kissing scene with Angelina Jolie, McQuay laughed and said, "For her (Julie), it should be a very happy thing. Before Angelina Jolie, he had a long romantic relationship with popular actresses Anne Hathaway and Keira Knightley, who were much younger than her. In "Becoming Jane Austen," he collaborated with Anne Hathaway to shape a masculine and gentle personality, making him the dream lover of countless women overnight. The gentle and firm blue eyes in "Atonement" co starring with Keira Knightley once again allow the audience to feel his acting skills. Someone once said that whether James McQueen can truly become the new generation of Hollywood male stars at the level of Matt Damon and Jude Law depends on how well "Wanted" is released. However, the global box office of "Wanted" has accumulated nearly 260 million US dollars, which has begun to prove his strength. Recently, James McAvoy expressed in an interview with a magazine that he intends to emulate Matt Damon and become the next "sexiest male actor in the world." "I hope to be like Matt Damon, who is a thoughtful male protagonist in the" Bourne Ultimatum "series, which has achieved great success. I hope I can do the same." When it comes to the type of film he aspires to star in, McAvoy added, "Hugh Grant is an excellent actor and he is also very interesting. I like this type of romantic comedy." Regarding his personal life, James McAvoy has always been low-key. He said that he lived a fairly peaceful life before the age of 20, "I never liked going to parties." Although he is an idol of many people, James McAvoy said, "I won't keep thinking about these things. If you keep thinking about how others are obsessed with you, it will actually lead you astray." It is reported that 29 year old James McAvoy is married to Anne Marie Duff and their relationship is very sweet. Reporter Lu Fang from this newspaper, organized, extended reading: James McAvoy: A man who knows 99 gun poses (picture)
Hilton wears heavy makeup and breaks through roadshows to compete for the production of bad women (pictured) Sina Entertainment News. Paris Hilton, a wealthy socialite who has always been developing in multiple directions, although she has starred in two movies, unfortunately caused a wave of negative reviews and poor box office results. It is rare that she has not given up acting! In her new work "Repo! The, Genetic, Opera", Paris also changed her acting style and no longer only played "brainless" characters addicted to love. In the new film, Paris will play a bad woman who competes with her brothers for family property after her father's death, and also has the opportunity to showcase her singing skills, which is full of gimmicks! To match the villain, Paris wore blonde hair, heavy makeup, and a sexy gothic outfit, which was very seductive! It is reported that after auditioning with more than 30 actresses, the director believed that Paris was the most suitable character. (Fish/Text)
The Screen Actors Guild of America will vote on whether to strike (pictured) Morning Post reporter, Cheng Xiaoyun, compiled core tip: The arrival of the current economic crisis has made many people worried about whether they can keep their jobs, but there are also those who plan to give up their jobs voluntarily.   The arrival of the current economic crisis has made many people worried about whether they can keep their jobs, but there are also those who plan to give up their jobs voluntarily.   The actors' union has started preparing to organize a vote among its members to decide whether to go on strike. Producers Alliance: Economic Crisis Strike is Not Wise. The American Film and Television Producers Alliance reached a new agreement this year with the Directors Guild, Screenwriters Guild, and Television and Radio Actors Guild, among others. Negotiations with the Screen Actors Guild were the only agreement they were unable to reach this year. The American Federation of Motion Picture and Television Producers has made it clear that it will not provide a better agreement for the Screen Actors Union than the other three unions in the current deteriorating economic situation.   The "100 day strike" by the screenwriters' union at the beginning of this year caused huge losses to the American entertainment industry, with up to $2.5 billion in funding lost in Los Angeles alone. As the financial crisis intensifies, if the actors' union votes to go on strike, the consequences would be unimaginable. The economic losses would be far greater than those caused by the screenwriters' strike, and it could lead to another miscarriage of the Golden Globe Awards and even jeopardize the Oscars ceremony. For both actors and producers, it would undoubtedly be a lose lose situation. Actors Guild: If the support rate exceeds 75%, there will be a strike. The members of the Screen Actors Guild in the United States exceed 120000, including performers in film, television, and other media. In the "100 day strike" of the Writers Guild of America at the end of last year and the beginning of this year, the Screen Actors Guild of America gave it strong support. Due to the expiration of the old contract between the actors' union and the film and television producers' alliance, which represents the film industry, on June 30th this year, the two sides began negotiating and discussing a new contract as early as May this year, but there has been no actual progress. During this period, the Alliance of Film and Television Producers proposed a new agreement with an additional fee of up to $250 million, but the additional fee for new media was limited to programs exceeding $25000 per minute, which was unacceptable to the actors' union. Don Allen, the executive director and negotiator of the Actors Guild, revealed that one of the main reasons why the negotiations broke down yesterday was that the Alliance of Film and Television Producers believed that its film producers had the right to use actors who did not belong to the Actors Guild in new media such as the Internet. On the one hand, film producers refused to pay actors again because of the rebroadcasting of programs or films on new media such as television or the Internet. Don Allen said that every time a program or TV series is aired, the actors involved should naturally receive a payment, and many members of the Screen Actors Guild earn more than half of their income from this. "The new agreement that the Screen Actors Guild wants us to accept will begin to cut off actors from receiving replay payments, which will undoubtedly cause panic and anxiety among the majority of actors." The negotiation team of the Screen Actors Guild stated that they will "do their best to persuade their members to support the strike. In fact, even before this round of negotiations began, the actors' union had already decided to organize a vote to decide whether to strike or not if the negotiations broke down. The vote is expected to last for over a month, and if more than 75% of the votes support the strike, the actors' union will implement the strike.
Johnny Depp will join Pirates of the Caribbean 4. Reporter, Yu Yin, Evening News: Disney officially announced yesterday that they will collaborate with Hollywood star Johnny Depp again to shoot Pirates of the Caribbean 4, and Depp will continue to play the role of "Captain Jack". In addition to continuing to join the "Pirates" series, Depp will also play the role of "Mr. the Mad Hatter" in "Alice in Wonderland" directed by Tim Burton. The film will start shooting in November and be released on March 5, 2010. In addition, in the upcoming film "The Lone Ranger," Depp will play a masked man from the American West, riding a white horse to uphold justice for the locals.
Jackman, who participated in the Oscars before, was always a presenter; And this time, he, who is versatile, will be the host. Previously, Jackman had hosted three Tony Awards and received high praise, so hosting the Oscars this time shouldn't be a big problem for him. The broadcast fee for this year's Oscars has reached a historic high, with ABC TV paying $50 million for it. In order to stimulate ratings, Oscar deliberately created a lot of suspense and invited handsome Hugh Jackman to host, which was also seen as a "bait" thrown to the audience to revive its dominance in ratings.   JJJ/Graphic and Text
Changpan Guizi's new film is released, and the park has been renovated into a "Tower of Friends" (picture). Sina Entertainment News reported that two days ago (January 19th), Changpan Guizi, Toyokawa Yueji, and others attended the premiere of the second chapter of the new film "20th Century Youth". The ceremony was held in a park in Osaka, and the film company spared no expense to transform the famous "Tower of the Sun" in the park into the "Tower of Friends" in the film, and set off fireworks to celebrate. The movie "Twentieth Century Boys," adapted from a popular manga, released its first chapter in Japan in August last year and achieved a record breaking 3 million viewership. With the release of Chapter 2 at the end of this month, the film company threw a silver bullet the day before yesterday and held a grand preview at the Wanbo Memorial Park in Osaka. Prominent characters such as Takako Nagahama, Yueji Toyokawa, and Yuri Hirata dressed up to meet with about a thousand fans. The film company spent 80 million yen (approximately 6.08 million yuan) to transform the late artist Taro Okamoto's "Tower of the Sun" in the park into the "Tower of Friends" in the film, and set off 75 fireworks, which excited the actors. , (Fish/Text)
Stone has been working on this unnamed film for 6 months and hopes to release it next year. According to Stone's own introduction, this film is not only about Chavez, but also involves the South American Revolution. In recent years, a trend has emerged in Latin American countries where left-wing political forces have been elected to power by the people. In February of this year, Stone and Chavez jointly experienced the Columbian Revolutionary Army (FARC) hostage crisis, in which Chavez fully played his role as an intermediary and played a positive and crucial role in resolving the hostage situation.   In addition to this documentary about 'Chavez', Stone has another documentary on hand, but he has not disclosed any information about that documentary. Moviesoon, Nemo/text
The nominations for the Screen Actors Guild Awards have been announced, with Kate Winslet receiving double nominations. The Screen Actors Guild Awards (SAG), which was once divided into two factions due to whether they went on strike like screenwriters and matched the Oscar nominations by about 80%, finally unveiled its mysterious veil at the 15th edition on the evening of December 18th Beijing time. SAG is voted by actors affiliated with the union, and many of its members are also Oscar judges, so there is no doubt that it is a crucial "Oscar barometer". The only Chinese actress to have been nominated for SAG so far is Zhang Ziyi (Best Actress, 2006, "Memoirs of a Geisha"). To get to the point, this SAG has fully demonstrated the characteristics of the Actor Award: "Doubt" with moderate media evaluation nominated five awards, namely, the best group portrait acting skill, the leading actress, the male supporting role, and the female supporting role (× 2), far ahead of other competitors. Surprisingly, both "The Dark Knight" and "Revolutionary Road", which are widely recognized as Oscar winners for Best Picture, failed to win SAG's Best Portrait Performance award this year, while the "Dark Knight" campaign was only nominated for Best Stand in Performance. Not only that, but also Leonardo DiCaprio, widely recognized as a leading actor and hot favorite, fell from grace with "Revolutionary Road", and Clint Eastwood from "Gran, Torino" also "disappeared". In terms of the female lead, Cate Blanchett, who was nominated for the lead role last year, missed out on this year's nomination. Sally Hawkins from "Happy Go Lucky" and Chris Scott Thomas from "I've, Loved, You, So, Long" also fell short. Angelina Jolie from 'Changeling' achieved her marriage with Brad Pitt through her strong celebrity appeal. The biggest surprise came from Kate Winslet in "Revolutionary Road" and "The Reader", just like last year's "C Kate", this year's "K Kate" also received double nominations from SAG. In addition, Heath Ledger of Batman 6: The Dark Knight easily won the Best Supporting Actor Award for his strong performance in outposts. The "Oscar coincidence" nominated by SAG in the past 10 years and the specific list of winners this year are as follows: Awards 1999, 2000, 2001, 2004, Best Film 3/53/53/55/53/5, Best Actor 4/53/54/54/5, Best Actress 4/55/53/55/5, Best Supporting Actor 4/54/53/5, Best supporting role 5/53/54/51/54/5, Best Film 2004, 2005, 2006, 2008, Best Actor 3/55/53/51/5, Best Actor 4/54/53/5, Best Actress 3/55/54/54 55/54/5 (Note: 1. SAG's "Best Group Performance" corresponds to the Oscar's "Best Film"; 2. If the department where the actor applied for the Academy Award does not match the department nominated by SAG, it will be counted as being eliminated; 3. If the nominated Oscar winning film does not match the SAG nominated film, it will be counted as being eliminated
Disney's "The Princess and the Frog" stills and design images have been exposed (Image) Sina Entertainment News: Walt, Disney, Animation, Studios recently opened a new official website, revealing some future animation plans. Among them, "The Princess, and, the Frog" has exposed some stills and visual design images, some of which are colorful, some are gloomy, and one of them has a treehouse effect similar to the style of "Pan's Labyrinth". Friends who like Disney animation and hand drawn animation should not miss it. Dongdong
"Kung Fu Panda 2" Chengdu is looking for inspiration. Not affected by the financial crisis yesterday, Jeffrey Kasenberg, CEO of DreamWorks Animation, led a huge creation team for the sequel of "Kung Fu Panda" to Chengdu. This team, composed of nearly 30 Hollywood elites, found inspiration for the shooting of "Kung Fu Panda 2" in just one day in Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding, Jinsha Site, Qingcheng Mountain and other places. The cute panda cubs, beautiful natural scenery, and long-standing ancient Shu culture make them endlessly praised and reluctant to leave. While excited, Jeffrey also revealed the secret of the sequel: "We came to Chengdu this time to find the answer to an important secret: why is Abao's father a duck?" Our reporter, Pan Yuan, Zhang Shihao, Guo Guangyu, reported on the first encounter with the panda: True Abao gets hugged. Yesterday, Jeffrey Katzenberg and his team first came to the Chengdu Giant Panda Breeding Research Base. In the giant panda delivery room, Jeffrey, "Kung Fu Panda 2" producer Melissa Cobb, and new director Jennifer Nelson had a close encounter with the newborn panda baby. Jeffrey put on special protective clothing and held the panda baby in his arms for a photo. Jeffrey, who saw a giant panda for the first time, was both excited and thrilled. He even stayed in the delivery room and refused to continue visiting. He gave a thumbs up and kept saying, "It's so cute, so beautiful!" When asked which is cuter between the real giant panda and "Abao" in "Kung Fu Panda," Jeffrey insisted, "The giant pandas we saw today are more beautiful, more adorable." The panda baby lying in Jeffrey's arms was born on July 26th this year. In order to express his love, the crew and the base jointly named this unnamed baby "Abao. In the outdoor habitat of the panda cubs, Hollywood guests were pleasantly surprised: these lively panda cubs seemed to have a great understanding of human nature. When they saw the sequel crew of "Kung Fu Panda", they began to "play around" one after another. Some played on the slide, while others kept rolling and fighting. Sometimes several little ones even hugged each other and "fought". The "Kung Fu" of these panda cubs made all guests laugh and exclaim constantly. Perhaps these interesting scenes will enter the sequel of "Kung Fu Panda". Jinsha Site: stunningly beautiful. At the Jinsha Site Museum, many staff members dressed in the same primitive costumes as in the musical "Jinsha", holding ivory and welcoming Hollywood guests along the way. In order to travel through 3000 years of ancient time and pursue the former prosperity of the hometown of the panda "Abao", several children also dressed up as cute little pandas, imitated the movements of "Abao" in "Kung Fu Panda", and danced happily. This scene surprised Jeffrey and others, who took the initiative to run over and take a photo with them. In front of the Sun God Bird gold jewelry, Jeffrey showed a strong interest, stopped and carefully watched, patiently listening to the staff's explanation. Jeffrey and his team are very interested in the "treasure of the town hall" Sun God Bird gold foil and gold mask of Jinsha, but unfortunately, due to time constraints, the high-level team of DreamWorks must end their trip to Chengdu before noon. Before leaving, Jeffrey said that Jinsha was really beautiful, "so breathtaking, but unfortunately the time was too short." Before leaving, Jeffrey didn't forget to hold the guide's hands tightly and thank him, while also saying that he would definitely come back to Jinsha again. Qingcheng Kung Fu: The top management of DreamWorks won applause and left at about 3:00 yesterday afternoon, while the production team led by director Jennifer Nelson came to Qingcheng Mountain later. In the director's words, this team of 13 includes the heads of all departments in the sequel creation team, including the art department, story creation department, martial arts guidance department, and production department. During a visit to the Panda Base, Jeffrey revealed to reporters that the directors of Kung Fu Panda, John Stephenson and Mark Osborne, took the initiative to take a break after the first episode was released. "Making such an animated movie is not only a challenge to intelligence, but also a challenge to physical strength. They told me they are exhausted." Shortly after, the director of Kung Fu Panda 2 was confirmed to be Jennifer Nelson. This Korean American animated filmmaker served as the overall planner for the story outline in the first episode. Although this is her first time directing, producer Melissa Cobb is not worried at all. "Jennifer is a marathon runner, and she thinks she has great stamina
About 150 million 3D glasses will be distributed to the audience of the Super Bowl to enjoy the three minute 3D trailer of 'Monsters vs. Aliens' together. Spending tens of millions of dollars to promote DreamWorks Animation CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg said, 'This may be the largest scale promotion in history.'. Although he did not disclose the specific cost of this promotion, it is said to reach tens of millions of dollars. In addition, he also promised that this time the 3D effect would be better than any previous one, and he would use Intel, InTru, 3D, ColorCode, and 3-D glasses instead of the previous red blue stereo system. Disclaimer: Exclusive article from Sina.com. Please indicate the source when reprinting.
The popularity of "Batman" has been overwhelming, and people from all walks of life are criticizing the Oscars. Sina Entertainment News reported that the nomination list for the 81st Academy Awards was announced in the United States two days ago (January 22), and "Batman: The Dark Knight" was unable to compete for Best Picture, triggering criticism from film critics towards the organizers of the Oscars. In addition, Winslet's nomination for Best Actress has sparked controversy from various parties. The list of nominees for the 81st Academy Awards was announced two days ago, and the reserve was questioned. Film critics from Rolling Stone magazine criticized the Oscars for being conservative, which prevented the popular film "Batman: The Dark Knight" from competing for Best Picture. Many netizens were also disappointed that "Batman" lost its nomination for the award, and also felt unfair for Eastwood's "Drive" with zero nominations. In addition, Kate Winslet, who was nominated as a film queen by Life and Death Reading, also caused controversy. Some netizens reported that when the film company first advertised, it was to promote her to compete for the best supporting actress. In an interview, Winslet expressed her joy at being nominated and said that the late directors Anthony Mingra and Sidney Pollack, who served as producers, are smiling at everyone from the sky. , (Fish/Text)
The movie "The Shining Man" will be released on the silver screen, and the trailers are also exciting (pictured). Sina Entertainment News: The movie "The Shining Man", based on the comic book of the same name by American comic master Will Eisner, jointly released by Lionsgate and Odd, Lot Entertainment, shone at the San Diego Comic Con. The attendees at the exhibition include the film's director Frank Miller, producer Deborah Del Prete, and some key actors. The story of "The Flash" is about former detective Denny Colt (played by Gabriel Macht) who dies in the line of duty and is reborn with a mysterious power. He put on a mask and continued to fight against various evil forces in this dark city as a Shining Man, having regained his life. Meanwhile, his archenemy, Mr. Octopus (played by Samuel Jackson), is plotting to destroy the entire city in order to attain immortality. The Shining Man, who deeply loves this city, and the Octopus Doctor engaged in a life and death battle of wits and courage in this dark city. In the newly released trailer by the production team, more shots are focused on the female characters in the film. At the same time, there is a hot scene in the film where Mr. Octopus, holding a heavy machine gun, is shooting around. This will be more appealing to the audience than the first trailer that only features the appearance and words of the Flash. The production team will soon release a third trailer that can explain the plot. Jackson/article
Due to the low threshold for participating in the Academy Award for Best Song - meeting the requirement that "the song's participating film qualifies for the Academy Award for Best Picture, and the song appears in the participating film or as the first subtitle at the end", a large number of contestants are included in the shortlist every year. In 2000, Coco Lee's performance of "Moonlight Lover" for "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" made it to the top five Oscar nominations; In 2006, Jay Chou's performance of "Chrysanthemum Terrace" for "Curse of the Golden Flower" also qualified for the competition, but was eliminated during the nomination stage. This year, the Best Song Award has been reformed, with a maximum of two songs nominated for a movie. Therefore, there will be no monopolistic contestants like "Dreamchaser" and "Magical Romance" in the final list of finalists - that is to say, there will be a ruthless "N-to-2" PK between multiple nominated songs from the same genre, making the competition even more intense. The specific shortlist is as follows: Best Song (red=popular contestant) Bi Chenggong (blog)/Article
The comedy film "Marley and Me" won the box office championship this weekend. At the beginning of the new year, there were no new releases in the North American film market, relying solely on last year's Christmas season films to achieve impressive box office results. According to Hollywood box office statistics, the total box office of the top twelve box office hits this weekend reached $130 million, surpassing the historical best of $121 million set in the first weekend of last year and setting a new record for the opening of a new year in North American film history. There were no new films disrupting the box office this weekend, so the box office rankings were severely similar to last weekend. The top ten were almost all old faces, while the top seven seats were exactly the same as last weekend's rankings. The comedy film "Marley, and, Me" produced by 20th Century Fox won the championship last week, and this week it stood firm in front of its old rivals, topping the list with $24 million. Since its Christmas premiere, the total box office of the film has surpassed 100 million US dollars for the first time. Marley and I "is adapted from a bestselling American novel and tells the true story of the relationship between humans and dogs. Last week's runner up and Disney family adventure film "Bedtime, Stories" once again took second place this weekend with $20 million. This fantasy and adventure themed film has won the love of many teenagers. The popular film "The, Curious, Case, of, Benjamin, Button", which is expected to compete for this year's Academy Awards, once again ranked third with $18 million. The film is adapted from the novel of the same name by F. Scott Fitzgerald and tells the bizarre story of the protagonist being born as an old man and living ever younger. Valkyrie, starring famous actor Tom Cruise, ranked fourth with $14 million; The film "Yes, Man" starring Hollywood's "comedy king" Jim Carrey ranks fifth with a slight gap. (End)
It has to be admitted that the Golden Globe Awards, which have always liked to stick to the literary route, have finally openly acknowledged the status of commercial films in the film industry, no longer competing with the audience's voice and box office. If the popularity of the best film is a good start for the transformation of the Golden Globe Awards, then the climax of this Golden Globe Awards is that British actress Kate Winslet won the two trophies of Best Actress in Drama and Best Supporting Actress at the same time. On the previous nomination list, Kate Winslet was nominated for both awards. This was her seventh nomination for the Golden Globe Award. After six failures and her age, Kate Winslet finally fought a beautiful turnaround battle, winning the best supporting actress with The Reader and the queen with Revolutionary Road! And this hard-earned Best Actress award is largely attributed to Sam Mendes, the director of 'Revolutionary Road' and Winslet's husband. In addition, another man also contributed to his posthumous status, which was the male lead of the film, Leonardo DiCaprio, who worked together again after Titanic.   The awards for TV dramas are well received, and the victory of "I Am Crazy Comedy", which made a big splash at the 60th Emmy Awards, has continued until this year's Golden Globe Awards, undoubtedly winning the Golden Globe Award for Best Comedy Series. Mad Men, with its unique retro style, won the Golden Globe Award for Best Drama Series for the second consecutive year. Last year, due to a strike by American screenwriters, the Golden Globe Awards were reduced to a small-scale press conference and hastily resolved. For this world's highest level media film award, which can be regarded as the "first compass of Oscars", it is definitely a shame. So, despite the financial crisis this year, the organizers still insist on making a big fuss. In addition to expanding the show, they also realized that the box office crash caused by the screenwriters' strike was a quite serious problem: the three most nominated films with serious artistic tendencies, namely "The Return of the Young," "Child Abuse," and "Frost and Nixon," collectively failed, while 52 year old British famous director Danny Paul won the three heavyweight awards for Best Feature Film, Director, Screenplay, and Best Score for "Slumdog Millionaire." Danny Paul, who knocked on the Golden Globe Award for the first time, became the biggest winner without hesitation. The triumph of commercial films over art films, which has been a favorite of the Golden Globe Awards for over 60 years, has truly shocked the entire film industry! It is reported that after its release, "Poor" has achieved excellent box office and reputation. Starting from the preferences of the audience, the fairness of this year's Golden Globe Awards has been restored, and the call for "Poor" to "bid for the Olympics" has become increasingly high. Where there is a red carpet, there is a beautiful scenery. In order to make up for last year's poor performance, this year's Golden Globe Awards invited numerous big names to come and support the show. Cameron Diaz, Anne Hathaway, Angelina Jolie, Hayden Panettier, Kate Winslet, Leonardo DiCaprio, Martin Scorsese... all star studded costumes made their debut. And this time, in addition to being more attractive in clothing, the female stars are also making great efforts in tattoos and accessories. Angelina Jolie wore a light gray chiffon sleeveless dress, exposing her tattoos on her arms, which was exactly the trick she used to flaunt her happiness. She has a total of 13 tattoos, including the coordinates of her children's birthplaces. Evan Rachel Woodwood's fear of pain is well-known, so we have to wonder if it's tattooed or painted? The touch of crimson raised from her fingertips, combined with her snow-white back, accentuated the uniqueness of the tattoo. Jennifer Morrison's biggest flaw is her short neck. In order to divert attention, she put on exaggerated earrings and cleverly diverted people's gaze away from her neck. Her rings and bracelets exude a strong ethnic style, with enamel and metallic textures mixed with East Asian and gypsy temperament, showcasing a wild and alternative charm among a group of enchanting female stars. Best Director of the 66th American Golden Globe Award Winner Danny Paul's "Slumdog Millionaire" Best Feature Film "Slumdog Millionaire" Best Feature Film Actor Mickey Locke's "Wrestler" Best Feature Film Actress Kate Winslet's "Revolutionary Road" Best Supporting Actress Kate Winslet's "Reader" Best Male supporting role Heath Ledger's "Batman 6: Dark Knight" Best Foreign Language Film "Dancing with Bash" (Israel)
I Love You Morris "premiered yesterday, starring Jim Carrey in the gay comedy" I Love You Morris ". Due to the topic of homosexuality and Jim Carrey's starring role, it has attracted a lot of attention. This film is adapted from a real event. Russell is a married father. When he was in prison in Texas, he fell madly in love with fellow inmate Morris. For this reason, he tried to escape from prison several times, and tried all kinds of methods, including pretending to be suffering from AIDS and dying, but ended up in failure. Finally, Morris was released after serving his sentence, while Russell was sentenced to 144 years in prison... From the effect presented in the film, "I Love You Morris" is an amazing sweet and romantic gay comedy film, which may not be as funny as you imagine, but it is undoubtedly a true story. Gay love is the core of the film and will definitely satisfy Jim Carrey fans. On the 18th local time, the documentary film "Tyson" directed by James Tobeck was screened in Park City, showcasing some unknown stories of former boxing champion Tyson through documentary format. Tyson revealed many of his personal and professional experiences in the film, recalling his childhood in the poor streets and alleys of Brooklyn, his feud with agent Don King, and the process of gradually sinking after quickly becoming famous. On the day of the screening, Tyson himself also attended the press conference. When talking about the film, he said he felt embarrassed because there were many things inside that people should not know. Tyson also reflected on his mistakes, including his unhappy marriage with actress Robin Givens, painful divorce, serving three years in prison for rape, and squandering $400 million until bankruptcy.  
The most attractive part of this poster is none other than Malik Akerman's portrayal of Silk, Spectre, II. The tight fitting suit with yellow and black stripes is sexy, charming, and heroic, and Ackerman himself is obviously satisfied with this outfit: "It's really interesting. This gelatinous costume only adheres to the body, like wearing medical gloves that are close and comfortable. But it's also because of this design that we have to squeeze out the bubbles in the costume frequently." This movie adapted from Alan Moore's comic book will be released in 2009, with a strange and unconventional style, and the scale will surpass DC and Marvel's traditional hero comics. After achieving good results in "V, for, Vendetta", this influential work in the history of European and American comics is also about to debut on the big screen. (West Wind/Text)
Today, Koizumi won the Best Actress award and entered the industry in the same year as Best Actor Masahiro Motoki (pictured). Sina Entertainment reported that two days ago (February 18th), Koizumi attended the "82nd Film Weekly Best, Ten" award ceremony held by a prestigious Japanese magazine and won the Best Actress award. Interestingly, Best Actor Masahiro Motoki entered the industry in the same year as her. Koizumi Haruko, who excelled in acting in "The Cat Cuckoo" and "Tokyo Sonata," was crowned Best Actress. She expressed her joy to be crowned alongside Masahiro Motoki, who also entered the industry in 1982 and played the male lead in "The Etiquette Master Sonata. She joked that it was the first time since the idol magazine many years ago that both of them had recently become covers of movies and magazines. The tree Xilin of "Hengshan Family Flavor" won the best supporting actress award. , (Fish/Text)
Matt Damon and others will dub "Ponyo, on, the, Cliff, by, the, Sea" (pictured) Sina Entertainment News: Hayao Miyazaki's hot selling animated film "Ponyo, on, the, Cliff, by, the, Sea" in Japan this summer will land in North American theaters next year. Like his previous works, the film will invite famous Hollywood stars to dub the English version. This time, Matt Damon, Tina Fey, Cate Blanchett, Liam Neeson will dub "Ponyo, on, the, the, the, the, the, the, the. Lily Tomlin, Betty White, Cloris Leachman, Fankie Jonas, Noah Cyrys. This voice acting lineup surpasses Hayao Miyazaki's previous animations, with the biggest name being Christian Bale, who was invited by Disney to voice the male lead character Howl when they released the English version of Howl's, Moving, Cattle in the United States in 2005. The story of "Goldfish Princess on the Cliff" is about a goldfish princess named "Ponyo" who wants to become a human and a five-year-old child named "Sosuke". Its inspiration comes from Hayao Miyazaki's early vacation at a cliff house in the Seto Inland Sea. The film was released in Japan in July this year and grossed over 10 billion yen in just one month. Previously, a movie fan asked why "Goldfish on the Cliff" was not included in this year's Oscar nominations for animated films. The answer was actually very simple: this film is preparing to compete for the 82nd Academy Awards for animated films after its English version is released in North America in 2009. Moviesoon, Nemo/text
3-minute Chinese behind the scenes footage reveals McG's new film "Terminator 4" (pictured) Sina Entertainment News, the latest trailer for the theatrical version of "Terminator, Salvation" will be released in the near future. Stylist Martin, Laing also recently revealed the design of the "Judgment Day" ruins and revealed that 10 new types of Terminator will appear in the film, showing their abilities in water, sky, and land. Among them, the largest monster machine "Harvester" was sent by the Skynet satellite to capture members of the human resistance army. It can also eject various small Terminator from its body, such as the fast and agile "Moto Terminator" and "aquatic robot". Hydrobot, and finally introduced the predecessor of T-800, T-600. , Moviesoon, Cupidboy/Article
Slumdog, Millionaire won seven major awards, including Best Picture, Director, Adapted Screenplay, Editing, Cinematography, Sound Effects, and Score. From a capital perspective, the film was a completely British film, ignoring the setting of the story. It continued to build a solid defense for ultimately winning the Academy Award. The acting award that the people are most concerned about: Kate Winslet, who was recognized by BAFTA as the leading actress from the beginning, won the Best Actress award for her role in "The Reader"; Instead of fighting hard with this hero like her at other film awards, Penelope Cruz, the "Latin Flower", won the Best Supporting Actress Award without any doubt. The best supporting actor continued to perform the memorial ceremony for Heath Ledger in The, Dark, Knight; In terms of evenly matched Best Actor, Mickey Locke from "The Wrestler" defeated his "old friend/old rival" Sean Penn from "Milk". The specific list of winners this year is as follows: Best Film: Slumdog Millionaire, Best British Film: The Man Who Walk the Steel Wire, Best Debut Award: Steven McQueen, Hunger, Best Director Award: Danny Boyle, Best Original Screenplay of Slumdog Millionaire, Martin McConnell, Killer Without Holiday, Best Screenplay Change Award: Simon Bilfoy, Slumdog Millionaire, Best Foreign Language Film, Love You for a Long Time, Best Animated Film, Robot Wally, Best Actor: Mickey Locke, Best Actress of Wrestler, Kate Winslet, Best Supporting Actor of Life and Death Reading, Heath Ledger, Batman 6 Best supporting role: Penelope Cruz Best Music Award for Midnight Barcelona: Slumdog Millionaire, A. R. Rahman Best Cinematography Award: "Slumdog Millionaire" Anthony, Dod, Mantle Best Editing Award: "Slumdog Millionaire" Chris, Dickens Best Art Direction Award: "Back to Life" Donald, Graham, Burt, Victor, J., Zolfo Best Costume Design Award: "The Duchess" Michael, O'Connor Best Sound Award: "Slumdog Millionaire" Glenn, Freemantle, Resul, Pookutty, Richard, Pryke, Tom, Sayers, Ian, Tapp Best Visual Effects Award: "Back to Life" Eric, Barba, Craig, Barron,,? , Nathan, McGuinness, Edson, Williams Best Makeup Award: "Childhood Returns" Jean, Black, Colleen, Callaghan Best Animated Short Film Award: "Super Invincible" Best Live Action Short Film Award: "September" Orange Rising Star Award: Noel Clark NOEL, CLARKE British Film Outstanding Contribution Award: Songlin Studio and Sherburton Studio Lifetime Achievement Award: Terry Gilliam, Bi Chenggong/Disclaimer: Exclusive article on Sina website, please indicate the source when reprinting.
Pat Hengel has extensive acting experience in movies, television, and theater, and the most famous character he has played is Detective Gordon in the 1990s Batman film series. Halfway through his life, he became an actor and ventured into film, television, and theater. Henger was born in Denver, Colorado, USA in 1924 and studied music at the University of Texas. During World War II, he briefly joined the navy and obtained a degree in broadcasting after retiring. He later became an actor and was active on both Broadway and film stages, with notable works including "On, the, Waterfront" and "Norma, Rae". At the same time, he also made guest appearances in some TV dramas, including "Touched, by, an, Angel", "Homocity: Life, on, the, Street", and so on. Facing serious health problems before death, according to family members, Henger passed away at his home in California Beach, where he settled after retiring from acting in 1986. In the years leading up to his death, Henger had been struggling with several different illnesses. (Xifeng/Wen) Disclaimer: Exclusive article from Sina.com, please indicate the source when reprinting.
The movie "The Mummy 3" was released this morning, and the elements of the blockbuster became a hot topic (pictured). The Hollywood blockbuster "The Mummy 3: Curse of the Dragon" finally met with the audience in Chengdu early this morning (2nd). This movie, which features Chinese elements as its selling point, makes the audience feel both familiar and unfamiliar, and the appearance of Jet Li (blog) has attracted a lot of laughter.       However, the heads of each cinema are still full of confidence in the film, as the occupancy rate of cinemas is not high during earthquakes and Olympics, and everyone is looking forward to such a blockbuster to play the role of rescuing the market. Jet Li: As long as the audience laughs, "The Mummy 3" has been released in North America for 2 months. Although the film grossed over 100 million yuan, it still leaves a lot of controversy.   It may feel unfamiliar to Chinese audiences, but this is considered from a global market perspective.  
Australia issues limited edition new stamps, led by Nicole Kidman (pictured) Sina Entertainment News. On January 26th local time, the Australian Postal Service issued a set of stamps featuring the portraits of four Australian film actors in recognition of their outstanding contributions. These four actors are Nicole Kidman, Cate Blanchett, Russell Crowe, and Geoffrey Rush. They are all Australian actors who have won Oscars. Nicole stated that this is a great honor. When asked about this matter, Nicole Kidman said, "I love my country Australia very much. I hope my children can live here for at least a period of time and let them realize how beautiful this place is. For me, being on a stamp is a great honor. Think about the day in the future when my child points to the stamp with my portrait and says, 'That's my mother.' This will be such a happy thing." The four actors are all heroes of Australia. "Their performances have won the recognition of audiences around the world, including Australians, and they have also received the highest award in the film industry, the Oscar. As heroes of Australia, it is well deserved to have their portraits printed on stamps Graeme John, the director of Australia Post, said so. The stamps will be officially released on January 26th. It is reported that this set of special stamps will be officially released on Australia Day, which is January 26th. Four celebrities simultaneously put their own images and images from a famous movie on the stamp. These four movies are Nicole Kidman's "Moulin, Rouge", Cate Blanchett's "Elizabeth I", Jeffrey Rush's "Shine", and Russell Crowe's "Gladiator". It is precisely because of these four films that the four of them won their respective Oscar awards. 》When I found out that my image had been put on a stamp, I couldn't suppress my joy. Even now, I am extremely excited to think that my portrait will be put on tens of thousands of stamps in Australia, "Kate Blanchett said in an interview." This is not only the recognition of myself by Australians, but also the recognition of the art of film. I am honored to be a part of it. "The set of stamps consists of eight stamps, each with a face value of 55 Australian cents, equivalent to 39 cents. Image gallery submission
Taiwanese film fans are chasing after "Love in Siam" and raising funds to buy the copyright for its release. Sina Entertainment News reported that the youth romance film "Love in Siam" (also known as "Love in Siam"), which caused a sensation in the Thai film industry, was bought the copyright by Taiwanese film companies. However, due to conservative evaluations, it was delayed from being released. As a result, a group of Taiwanese film fans who have already watched it online or in other places jointly raised one million New Taiwan Dollars to buy the copyright and arrange for the release of this masterpiece on September 19th. In order to give back to the enthusiastic support of Taiwanese fans, director Chukiat Sakweerakul and lead actor Pchy have decided to visit Taiwan on September 20th for a three-day and two night promotional trip, where they will have close contact with all fans. Some things I don't do now, I won't do in the future! "This is exactly the voice of a group of crazy movie fans. How crazy are these young people from advertising companies? Crazy enough to love a Thai movie, love enough to raise funds to buy it and arrange for it to be screened in a theater. And this film is' Love in Siam '. Siamese Love "is directed by young Thai director Chuk, who boldly employs young new actors and, after four years of preparation, creates a love story centered around life and humanity.   And Pi, who played Mew and was only 19 years old, was already the lead singer of the school band in high school, allowing him to successfully win the important role in the film that requires music to convey emotions. After receiving a warm response to the movie, the virtual band "August" officially debuted and released their debut album at the request of a large number of fans, making Pitton a new Thai youth idol who combines film and song, and even having an exclusive fan club in Taiwan.   Changting/Wen
Du Sir admitted that Johnny came to Hong Kong to test his acting skills: "I can't disclose which movie he's shooting for, I don't even know when it will start shooting, but he should stay until this movie starts shooting before leaving." Although Du Sir refused to disclose details, he is currently preparing to collaborate with Hollywood heartthrob Orlando Bloom on the new film "Indiana Jones", so Johnny may be coming to Hong Kong for the film "Indiana Jones".   Du Sir admitted that Johnny came to Hong Kong to test his acting skills: "I can't disclose which movie he's shooting for, I don't even know when it will start shooting, but he should stay until this movie starts shooting before leaving." Although Du Sir refused to disclose details, he is currently preparing to collaborate with Hollywood heartthrob Orlando Bloom on the new film "Indiana Jones", so Johnny may be coming to Hong Kong for the film "Indiana Jones". (Lili/Text)
Sina Entertainment News: On the afternoon of March 27th Beijing time, according to foreign media reports, the 66th Venice Film Festival, which will be held from September 2nd to September 12th this year, has confirmed the chairman of the judges for two units. The "Lion of the Future" unit will be chaired by Ethiopian director Haile Gerima, and the "Horizons" unit will be chaired by Spanish avant-garde film director Pere Portabella. Haile Grima, born on March 4, 1946, is one of the most outstanding contemporary Ethiopian filmmakers and has won numerous awards for his films. Although he has only made ten films, many of them have won international awards or have international influence. The movie 'Sankofa' was nominated for the residency competition at the Berlin International Film Festival in 1993; Last year, his film "Teza" won the Venice Film Festival Jury Special Award and Best Screenplay Award. Pere Poltabelia brings the latest short film "Horizon Unit". Chairman Pere Poltabelia has representative works such as "Stille, vor, Bach, Die" and "Pont, de, Vars ò via". This year, in addition to serving as the chairman, he will also bring a 20 minute short film. This new work, titled 'Mudanza', tells the story of the famous poet Federico, Garcia, Lorca's experiences. The chairman of the main competition section of this year's Venice Film Festival has been confirmed to be Ang Lee. (Yingge Oriole Dance/Text)
Super Bowl Trailer Battle: Hollywood's 2009 Summer blockbuster hits Sina Entertainment News: On February 2nd Beijing time and February 1st North American time, Hollywood movie trailers for the 2009 Super Bowl were released one after another. Every year, the American Super Bowl (football league) is as lively as the Spring Festival Gala, with spectators, singers, and dancers catering to their own needs. Of course, there are also trailers for movies and sellers of advertisements. The Super Bowl, which has the highest ratings, is naturally the focus of competition among major businesses for advertising space. NBC announced on Saturday that all 69 ad slots have been sold, creating a record breaking $206 million in advertising revenue. And each advertisement can only last for about 30 seconds, yet it costs around 3 million dollars. If you can't understand rugby, you can't understand Bruce Bruce Springsteen sings and is not interested in commercial advertising, so this year's Super Bowl is particularly noteworthy for the movie trailer short film. And several blockbuster movies are releasing Super Cup trailers one after another. Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen Release Date: June 26, 2009 (USA) The first 30 second trailer from Transformers 2 was released today. Michael was a bit surprised when he wrote on his blog the day before yesterday. In fact, there isn't much real information in this clip, and the full preview will be broadcast on February 13th. Good things are still hidden. Thinking back to the day when the movie was actually released, that's what excitement is about. Knowing that the big advertisement was jointly invested by the US military and toy companies, I couldn't help but get excited. I wonder if the toy collection of "Transformers: Age of Extinction 2", including the combination of King Kong, will bankrupt fans this time. Star Trek 11 release date: May 8, 2009 (USA) Mysterious J.J. Abrams adapted the new Star Trek movie into Star Wars.   Monsters vs. Aliens release date: March 27, 2009 DreamWorks (USA) previously stated that it would spare no expense in producing hundreds of millions of 3-D glasses for free distribution, just to promote this special 3-D trailer. In addition, during this Super Cup, it also spent money to buy 90 seconds of advertising time (others only need to buy 30 seconds). Ambition has swelled to such an extent that you have to look up. In addition, the monster protagonist of the film is also bundled with the mutated lizard of Pepsi Sobe Life Water Beverage for sale, dancing together and enjoying themselves. Will Monster vs. Alien be a milestone in Hollywood's 3-D animation era? Wait and see.
Among them, Sun Wukong and others went through countless hardships under the guidance of Guanyin to come to the Bird's Nest in Beijing to obtain scriptures. Although the main theme of "Igniting Dreams for the Glory of Hope" is sung in the film and various sports competitions are cleverly integrated, whether it is Wukong's grinning appearance or the dizzying theme song, it has amazed domestic netizens. The promotional video for "The Monkey King's Nest's Journey to the West" is presented in the form of a musical, based on one of the four great Chinese classics, "Journey to the West". The 2-minute content condensed the birth of the stone monkey, the guidance of Guanyin on the path to obtaining the scriptures, and the hardships endured by Zhu Bajie and Sha Monk to slay demons and obtain the true scriptures. However, the location of the true scriptures at the end of the promotional video is not in the West, but in the Bird's Nest, the venue of the Beijing Olympics. Among them, Sun Wukong, Zhu Bajie, and Sha Monk set off from different places, defeated various monsters with their sports talents such as shot put, hurdles, pole vaulting, horizontal bars, swimming, and Chinese Kung Fu, and finally arrived at their destination, lighting the torch. Although the main creator of this promotional film is British, the background of the picture is designed in a very Chinese way, and the music is sung by the Avalokitesvara in Chinese. It is reported that the BBC will put this Olympic animated promotional film on TV, radio, Internet, mobile phones and other platforms to maximize the publicity effect. At present, this short film has also become a hot spot for clicks on major video websites in China.   At this moment, a monkey popped out of the stone - Sun Wukong made a grand appearance. Then, Guanyin began to sing: Congratulations on achieving enlightenment, the scriptures have arrived, for the sake of hope, ignite dreams, and share life and death together. Although this music created by the virtual band Gorillaz showcases Eastern elements to the fullest, the use of Chinese instruments and electronics is also very authentic. But the lyrics of the "main melody" sung by Guanyin are still unacceptable to many netizens. Especially when the last main voice remained unchanged and the four sentences "for hope" were completed in one go, it was ridiculed and mocked by many netizens. Some people have raised the question of 'Is her voice stuck?' while others have left a sigh of 'looks like the Red Detachment of Women'. In addition to the stunning female vocals, some of the movements of Sun Wukong and Zhu Bajie are also unbelievable. For example, the Great Sage fell from a high altitude and landed on all fours like Spider Man, while Zhu Bajie had to eat a chicken leg to defeat the monster.   Sun Wukong bared his teeth and grinned. Not only did he grow old, but his spiritual energy seemed to have disappeared completely. When our great saint laughed, some netizens even compared his demeanor to that of Xu Sanduo. In addition, the simple and honest Sha Monk was tainted with a bit of evil energy in this Olympic short film. This type of character from the Japanese river boy has a blue face and very little hair. Not only is his appearance ugly, but his eyes also exude a murderous aura. No wonder when he appeared, some viewers mistook him for an evil water demon. Among the three disciples, Bajie's image is the closest to the original work, but his super fat belly and ultra-fine legs still make people feel a bit uncomfortable. In addition, the appearance of Guanyin holding the Bird's Nest is also considered too humorous.
The female lead of "Transformers" revealed that she once fell in love with a stripper (pictured). Sina Entertainment News: After becoming famous for her role in "Transformers", actress Megan Fox naturally joined the filming of "Transformers 2". At the age of 22, she recently revealed in an interview that although she is currently engaged to actor Brian Austin Green, she had fallen in love with a stripper named "Nikita" and denied being gay, saying it was only out of admiration for beauty. Megan Fox, who was once deeply in love with a stripper, claimed that she fell in love with a stripper named "Nikita" shortly after breaking up with her boyfriend. Despite feeling lonely, she accidentally fell in love with her and tried her best to get to know her. Fox has given gifts to his girlfriend multiple times and even tried to persuade Nikita to retire. Meanwhile, Megan Fox also defended herself by saying, "But I'm not gay, people are attracted to beautiful men and women, it's just instinct." Fox also admitted that he is quite nervous before every performance and often relies on sedatives to calm his emotions. Megan, who rose to fame with "Transformers," has great ideas for the future. "I won't keep acting in movies like this," she said. Of course, she also knows that it's not easy to work hard, "after all, I'm not Meryl Streep
Sean Penn will star in the comedy "The Three", and Jim Carrey is expected to join (pictured). Hollywood actor Sean Penn, known for his serious films, will star in the classic remake of the comedy "The Three". According to reports, "The Three of Us" is adapted from the stories of three famous comedy stars in the 1930s in the United States. At that time, these three comedy stars formed a lively trio and performed a series of comedic plays. Sean Penn will play the role of Larry in the drama. Famous comedy stars Jim Carrey and Benicio Del Toro are expected to play the roles of Corey and Moy, respectively. The film will start filming this autumn and is scheduled to be released in 2010.
Kwon Sang woo's resignation from his new film reveals a suspicious situation, and the film company has been deceived (pictured). Sina Entertainment News: The production company of the South Korean film "My Love is by My Side" announced today that Kwon Sang woo, who was originally scheduled to be the male lead in the film, has resigned from the film and has terminated the agreement with the production company. The film will look for other male actors to play the role. According to the head of the production company, Quan Xiangyu recently expressed the idea of not wanting to star in the film. Due to the absence of the male lead actor, the film production company will look for other actors to replace him. The person in charge of the production company of "My Love is by My Side" said, "The agreement to star with Kwon Sang woo was reached on September 23rd this year. I didn't expect that filming was about to begin, and at this critical moment, he changed his mind. Because he had already signed agreements with other actors and crew members, he couldn't cancel the filming now, so he had to find other actors to replace him. This time, due to Kwon Sang woo's reasons, both the production company and investors may suffer a lot of losses." "My Love is by My Side" is a new work directed by Park Chun biao, who has directed films such as "You Are My Destiny" and "That Guy's Voice". The film was originally confirmed to be starring Ha Ji won and Kwon Sang woo. It has sparked discussions, but some have questioned whether Kwon Sang woo, known for his muscular physique, is suitable to play the male lead with muscular dystrophy in the film. According to insiders, it is highly likely that Quan Xiangyu's sudden change of mind is due to his own feeling that he is not suitable for the role. Lin Yilang/Wen, all rights reserved. Mydaily prohibits reprinting
The classic cult film 'Rocky Horror Show' will continue to be released next year (pictured). The classic cult film 'Rocky Horror Show' will be remade again, and MTV announced that it will be made into a two-hour television movie to be aired on Halloween in 2009.   The movie tells the story of a couple who break into a transgender laboratory and encounter a series of strange and bizarre events. The film is filled with various bizarre characters such as transgender people, mental illness, and cross dressing fetish. Although the movie is very strange, it has become an alternative classic. MTV Movie Company announced a remake, with minor changes made to the screenplay award based on the original version. In addition, the film will continue to use music clips from the original series, but the character image will undergo significant changes. Compiled by: Liu Tingting
Hitler "will be released next week, and Tom Cruise's plane trip has failed. The imported blockbuster film" Operation Target Hitler "starring Tom Cruise will be officially released on the 26th of this month, but Tom Cruise, who was originally scheduled to come to Beijing to promote the film, will not be able to make it this time. According to the publisher, Tom Cruise himself hoped to take a self driving flight to visit the Great Wall and Xi'an, but this trip only lasted for two days and coordination with the publisher was unsuccessful. In the end, he had to regretfully cancel this "China tour". A Tang's self driving trip finally fell through due to work reasons, and movie stars often have the opportunity to travel around the world. For them, it is difficult to draw a clear line between tourism and work.   Three years ago, Tom Cruise visited Shanghai for the filming of Mission: Impossible III. This time, in addition to promoting his new film 'Operation Target Hitler', he also hopes to visit famous historical sites in the north. The Forbidden City, the Great Wall, the Summer Palace, and the Terra Cotta Warriors are all on his list. In order to achieve this wish, Ah Tang even made concessions and allowed the media to follow him throughout his trip to China. In this way, although time is tight, A Tang and the issuing company can each take what they need. However, Tom also made a request that completely ruined this trip to China. Tom Cruise, who made his debut with Top Gun, hopes to relive the old dream of pilots, fly to visit the Great Wall and fly to Xi'an to see the Terra Cotta Warriors. This left the issuing party responsible for reception dumbfounded. In the absence of coordination between the two parties, they could only regretfully cancel Ah Tang's "self driving tour". The plot begins with depression and ends with tension. The film 'Operation Target Hitler', released on February 26th, is adapted from real events. The film tells the story of a group of German military leaders led by Colonel Stauffenberg who conspired to assassinate Hitler during World War II, but ultimately failed. Tom Cruise plays the tragic one eyed hero Colonel Stauffenberg in the film. He lost his left eye and right hand in the war, becoming a hero and making him choose between loyalty to Germany or loyalty to Hitler personally. The first half of the film tells the story of how Colonel Stauffenberg, who returned from the battlefield to Berlin, was selected as the leader of the alliance to assassinate Hitler. There are many characters in the film, and the plot is not full of ups and downs, making it quite dull; The second half describes how Colonel Stauffenberg and his assistants went deep into the "Wolfden" (Hitler's headquarters) to place bombs, and how they escaped from the "Wolfden" by falsely claiming orders to occupy Berlin. The plot is tense and exciting, and the character portrayal is vivid. Colonel Stauffenberg's nervousness and steadfastness, General Obliche's cowardice and wavering, as well as General Flem's shortstop personality, all left a deep impression on people. Twenty years ago, 27 year old Tom Cruise played a semi paralyzed Vietnam War veteran in Born on July 4, winning his first Oscar nomination. Afterwards, although Tom Cruise received several Oscar nominations, he always brushed past the Golden Statue in the end. In 'Operation Target Hitler', Tom Cruise once again destroys his image by playing the tragic German Colonel Stauffenberg, who has one eye and lost his right hand. His ambition for the Oscar statuette is self-evident. In fact, Tom Cruise's performance in 'Hitler' was very stable and did not exceed the level he showed in 'Born on July 4th'. He interprets Colonel Stauffenberg's aspiration of "being loyal to Germany but not to Hitler" and "not all Germans are Hitler", but this character is not as impressive as Ronnie in Born on July 4. Compared with Tom Cruise's stability, the supporting role in Hitler are all outstanding. Especially Bill Riley's portrayal of General O'Brien. O'Brien held military power and had the intention to take down Hitler, but was as timid as a mouse. After the "Wolf Nest" explosion, O'Brien hesitated for three hours due to uncertainty about Hitler's life and death, ultimately leading to the failure of the entire plan. Morning News reporter Yang Lianjie
Pixar's first 3D animation "Up" trailer released (picture) Video: 43 second preview of the animated series "Up". Sina Entertainment News: Disney and Pixar's 2009 summer 3D animation masterpiece "Up" has released a trailer. Although this trailer is only 43 seconds long and only shows a house suspended by a balloon, the grandfather Carl's "Good afternoon" in front of the door really makes people laugh. The film is directed by Pete Docter, the director of "Monster Power Company", and Bob Peterson, a veteran Pixar writer who previously worked on "Finding Nemo" and "Ratatouille", will also serve as co director of the film, making his directorial debut. The Adventures of the Flying Apsaras will also be Pixar's first landmark work presented in a 3-D film, and all of Pixar's films will be made into 3D movies thereafter. The Flying House Adventure tells the story of an old man and a young man's adventurous journey. Carl Fredricksen, a 78 year old man, dreamed of traveling around the world and experiencing strange and dangerous places all his life, but he spent it calmly. In the final stage of his life, Kaede seemed to embark on an adventurous journey with 8-year-old Asian devil Russell, as if arranged by fate. This unique combination of one old and one young has journeyed through the world side by side, experiencing wilderness trekking, jungle beasts, and villainous sniping together. Field/Literature
Angelina Jolie may shine brightly in Hollywood after her postpartum depression and the ban of the "Wanted" poster in the UK (pictured). However, if she is fully armed and shows her ferocity, the British will also refuse to accept her. According to foreign reports, due to ongoing protests, the poster for Julie's new film 'Wanted' has been banned. And the newborn twins and her own poor physical condition made Julie even more troubled. The new film has been criticized for its violent posters. 'Wanted Criminal' tells a story of chase and escape, and is a typical action shooter film. Julie's portrayal of the cold faced assassin is full of coolness, and in one of the "Listening to Music" newspapers, Julie stretches out from the back seat of a sports car and shoots with a gun, reminiscent of Laura from the past. After its big sale in the United States, the film recently went to the British market, but the British did not buy it.   We consider that the poster of 'Wanted' showcases charming actresses, beautiful actions, a series of images related to shooting, and positive themes, which can be seen as a glorification of the use of firearms and violence. "The UK Advertising Standards Agency responded to netizens' questions online. Recently, the UK Advertising Standards Agency has decided that the use of the "Wanted" poster will be permanently banned in the UK. Health is red, postpartum mood is poor. Since giving birth to twins Vivian and Knox, Angelina Jolie seems to have faded out of people's sight. She, who was supposed to appear at the premiere of this year's Venice Film Festival, also gave up her appearance due to the troubles of "postpartum depression". Recently, overseas media reported another worrying news that Vivian and Knox are suffering from common intestinal spasms in babies, while their mother Julie is suffering from insomnia at night and her health is on the red light. A source said that Julie has been suffering from anorexia recently, and she has to force herself to eat more every meal because her children have not been weaned yet. As for why Julie is so depressed, it is reported that it is also related to Pitt. Last week, Pete made a stunning appearance in Water City, bringing only his eldest son Maddox and Parks with him. At that time, there were rumors that the relationship between Julie and Pitt was tense. Julie thinks Pete is too relaxed. He doesn't need to be pregnant for nine months to have a child. As long as he's happy, he travels around on a private plane instead of taking a confinement. Although Julie has struggled, Pete still plans to have more children
Iron, Man, which sold $318 million in North America, is far ahead with seven nominations. Bolt, Cloverfield, The Curious, Case of, Benjamin, Button, and Batman: The Dark Knight were all nominated for second place with four nominations. The specific nomination list for this year is as follows: Bi Chenggong (blog)/Wen
Bund Pictorial: Intimate Communication between Departures and Death (Image) Masahiro Motoki did not come to the red carpet. His own explanation was that the plane was delayed and he hoped to leave next time. He looked a bit tired, but he always smiled professionally at the flashing lights. My intuition is probably quite good. I arranged a total of 3 interviews and all 3 people won awards. Of course, the magnitude of the other two awards cannot be compared to Masahiro Motoki's title of Asian Best Actor. Unfortunately, winning an award is not a good thing for me, because once I win, a bunch of reporters who were originally surrounded by Hong Kong and Taiwan celebrities flock over. A previously scheduled interview slot with only two or three media outlets was unexpectedly cancelled and turned into a noisy group interview.   It seems that people still have reservations about the use of words such as death, funeral, and embalming in movie titles, so they coincidentally changed the titles to be more poetic. In fact, this is contrary to the meaning of the movie itself. Its most touching aspect, which I believe is also the reason why the Oscar awarded it the Best Foreign Language Film, is that it can indeed make us re-examine the position of death in our lives through emotions. So, although the original meaning of the title "OKURABITO" is "the person who sees off", I still think the plain "Departures" is the best name. In order to play the role of Daigo Kobayashi well, Masahiro Motoki said he once personally tried to perform an funeral ceremony for an old lady. Interestingly, contrary to the film, the master who played Kobayashi NK, Mr. Yamazaki, the president of the agency, Shengrong Sasaki, has never personally performed a ceremony. Masahiro Motoki said, "This may be a different way of being an actor. I have to do it myself and infuse the real emotions into my performance. Whether I do it well or not is not important, the key is to express my emotions and the interactive relationship with the family." Indeed, the most touching part of the film is the detailed portrayal of Kobayashi's silent and deep communication with the deceased and the family in various states (some grief, some regret, some repression??) during the ceremony with full attention. Finally, as family members bid farewell to the two embalmers with heartfelt gratitude and a fresh understanding of life, you will realize that holding ceremonies for the deceased is not just about commemorating and bidding farewell to them. At a higher level, it is an opportunity for you to reflect on your own life and existence. Seizing this opportunity and being fortunate enough to receive help from someone like an embalmer who understands the meaning of death for life is truly beneficial for your future life. When the media surrounded Masahiro Motoki for photos, I took a close and careful look at this recently popular superstar. From a certain perspective, he is indeed very similar to Tony Leung, especially in terms of his mouth and eyes - a Tony Leung who is not well maintained. In reality, he actually looks younger than he does in movies. Fortunately, he is not as handsome as Tony Leung. If he is too handsome, it would not be suitable for this movie. After watching 'Departures', it was already late at night. When I opened the snow-white bedding in the hotel and went to bed, I suddenly had a feeling of being embalmed myself. There is no ominous premonition or anything like that in this, only a calm and affirmation of life and death - although that may only be due to temporarily being in the "aura" of the film. I have attended many funerals held by people in funeral homes, and I have a particularly prominent feeling that the arranged remains of the deceased always have a significant difference from the image that is particularly clear and stubborn in my memory. It cannot be said that the staff did not take it seriously, but if you have watched 'Departures', you will understand that the reason for this lies in the depth of' dedication '. The ordinary funeral home staff in Japan are probably the same - just like the two people who brought the coffin for Kobayashi's father towards the end of the movie. As long as you treat it as a job, no matter how dedicated you are, you cannot do it so well. I have also done these things for many deceased people, not in the sense of burial ceremony, but in the sense that they must be done by their families: wiping the deceased, changing clothes, and pushing them into the morgue?? I deeply know that at that time, I was completing a task that must be done, preferably done quickly. I never thought that doing these things would mean anything to me personally. What Masahiro Motoki is performing is a transformation from tasks and work to true communication. If Kobayashi's vomiting during his first participation in the ceremony is still a "normal reaction" as expected, then going home and eagerly sniffing the breath of a living person on his wife's body, causing his sexual desire to surge and eagerly completing the intercourse, is a special and extremely appropriate treatment. At this moment, the fear of death needs to be offset by the continuation of sexual intercourse, and in the "sex" that displays vitality, how many elements of death are contained in turn? It is very likely that this half hearted lovemaking caused his wife to become pregnant. This foreshadowing was buried until the stone in his father's hand was placed on his wife's slightly bulging belly, and the cycle of life and death was once again opened... As Kobayashi gradually entered this profession (as his master said, he could see Kobayashi's "talent" at a glance), the fear of death quickly disappeared - it turned out that death and corpses were not so scary, what was scary was only our (alienated) imagination of death and corpses. Watching Xiaolin devote himself wholeheartedly, his movements were as if he were practicing some kind of advanced qigong, both powerful and gentle, to sort and decorate those corpses. I think you will understand that what is needed to be a good embalmer is far more than just a general "professional dedication", but to truly treat it as a kind of spiritual communication with the deceased, as Xiaolin's line goes: "Be selfless." He preserved the most vivid appearance of the deceased, that is, to preserve their entire life history before their death; In extreme terms, he must truly resonate with the unique life history of the deceased, who are often strangers, during the short period of the ceremony, forget himself, and wholeheartedly "telepathically sense" his (her) best wishes in life, in order to freeze his (her) face in that most "similar" moment, making the deceased seem to receive a moment of rebirth and eternal peace; At the same time, this entire ritual process is not only a form of respect for the deceased, but also allows the family and friends who bid farewell to them to live a better life with a more peaceful and understanding attitude towards the continuation of life and death. Masahiro Motoki deserves the title of Best Actor, as he vividly portrays the most important "heart" and "qi" in the funeral ceremony. This is an incredible movie, "he said in an interview. People who love the trees and flowers in the mountains also have many choices to bury them under those trees and flowers. This way, when their friends who like to travel go hiking in the mountains, they can see them and also take a look at the trees and flowers?? However, embalmers may be the most historically and ritualistic type of funeral, and they are indeed unique. To achieve selflessness. "This is probably the secret of the embalmer, and also the" eye opening "of the entire film. For those who find its pace too slow and its techniques not innovative enough, I think it's because they haven't been able to achieve this' selflessness'. The 'selflessness' of embalmers actually targets the' self 'of modern people. In fact, modern people are so afraid of death that they are willing to do anything to escape it, largely because they are too obsessed with their "self". This' I 'is obsessed with the possession of objects outside of myself, in order to highlight the importance of' I '- whether the object of possession is life, property, or emotions. Being so obsessed with the possession of this life, only then can one be so afraid of death and losing everything. And the profession of embalmer precisely expresses a possibility of possessiveness and full communication - the person you deal with is the deceased, a person who has lost everything in the common sense, and it is at this moment that you can truly realize the true meaning of "self" beyond possession.
The remake of "Gulliver's Travels" will feature a male lead in "Kung Fu Panda". According to Sina Entertainment News, 21st Century Fox is preparing to remake the movie "Gulliver's Travels" and will invite Jack Black, the voice actor and lead actor of "Kung Fu Panda", to play the lead role. Rob Letterman, the director of the animated film "Shark, Tale," will direct this classic story of Jonathan Swift. Nicholas Stoller, the screenwriter of the movie "Forgetting, Sarah, Marshall," and Joe Stillman, the screenwriter of "Shrek," will write scripts for this new version of "Gulliver's Travels. In the new version of the story, the protagonist Lemuel Gulliver will transform into a travel writer and arrive in the Bermuda Triangle, only to suddenly find himself trapped in Lilliput and become a popular giant among the Lilliput people. At present, the filming plan for the movie has been finalized and is expected to start shooting in March next year, but the filming location has not been determined yet. Disclaimer: Exclusive article from Sina.com. Please indicate the source when reprinting.
Guy Ritchie stepped out of the divorce shadow and created a fashionable Sherlock Holmes (picture) Oriental Morning Post reporter, Cheng Xiaojun. Core tips: The new film of British avant-garde female director Sally Porter focusing on the fashion world has attracted much attention because of Jude Law's man disguised as a woman. Behind the gorgeous picture, the real point of the gun of Anger is actually the engulfment of human nature by the Internet industry and Vanity Fair. British avant-garde female director Sally Porter's new film focusing on the fashion world has attracted much attention because of Jude Law's man disguised as a woman. Behind the gorgeous picture, the real point of "Anger" is actually the engulfment of human nature by the Internet industry and Vanity Fair. Sherlock Holmes, directed by Guy Ritchie and starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law, has been highly anticipated since filming began in December last year. In the early exposure of the on set work photos, Robert Downey Jr. played Sherlock Holmes without wearing an English top hat or a standard three piece suit. Instead, he wore a striped scarf and haphazardly put on a pair of carrot pants, like a circus performer. Recently, the cast of "Sherlock Holmes" finally released the official makeup photos of the actors and accepted an interview with the media, showcasing the tip of the iceberg of this "alternative Sherlock Holmes". The film uncovers hidden Bohemian artists and poets. The most famous Sherlock Holmes in history was portrayed by British actor Basil Ratburn, who starred in over 10 Sherlock Holmes films in the 1940s. His handsome appearance and gentlemanly style of action deeply impressed people, and he was regarded as a benchmark for playing "Sherlock Holmes". However, the creators of Sherlock Holmes do not intend to emulate Basil Ratburn. Producer Lionel Wigram said, "The polite gentlemen of the Edwardian era are really tiresome, they are not the Sherlock Holmes we imagined." He believed that Sherlock Holmes should be skilled in both writing and martial arts, not only observing in detail, but also having excellent skills. Another producer, Joel Silver, defined Holmes in the film as "the James Bond of 1891". He could tell the whereabouts of the suspects from the dust on his shoes and would give them an old punch when capturing them. As for whether the new version of Sherlock Holmes will be far removed from the protagonist in Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's works, Wigram, who is familiar with the original novel, believes that Holmes' passion for English combat and his partner Dr. Watson's love for boxing and dueling can all indicate that Holmes and Watson are not only intelligent, but also action heroes. Wigram said, "There are many hints left between the lines of Conan Doyle. We now have the technology, funding, and means to uncover the hidden Sherlock Holmes and Watson. The Sherlock Holmes we create is more modern, behaving like a Bohemian and dressing like an artist or poet. It is different from any previous Sherlock Holmes." The script for "Sherlock Holmes" was co written by Michael Johnson, Anthony Peckham, and Guy Ritchie. Wigram explained, "The film covers much more content than any single story described by Conan Doyle, and the case is more complex." As for whether the plot of Sherlock Holmes' drug addiction will appear in the film, Wigram gave a negative answer, so he believed that Sherlock Holmes was a film suitable for family viewing. Director Guy Ritchie emerged from the shadow of divorce. After ending his divorce with Madonna, director Guy Ritchie devoted himself wholeheartedly to the filming of Sherlock Holmes, often playing guitar and having fun in the corners of the set, seemingly unaffected by the divorce. This British director, who rose to fame in the film industry with films such as "Two Smoking Barrels" and "Thief and Scam", is known for his distinctive style. His works often leave Hollywood peers stunned, and even Hollywood bigwigs who are accustomed to high salaries are willing to lower their salaries in order to make a name for themselves in the films he directs. Black crime themes, humble identities of characters, fast-paced conversations, and rapid scene interweaving are all traits of Guy Ritchie, and in Sherlock Holmes, he retains these characteristics, as evidenced by many scenes being filmed in sewers and prisons.   However, this did not affect the trust of the producers of "Sherlock Holmes" in him. Producer Silver said, "We believe Ritchie has the ability to direct a captivating blockbuster, let alone star Robert Downey Jr." Actor, Holmes "can fight", Watson "fashionable" Originally, Guy Ritchie planned to replicate the model of British director Christopher Nolan's "resurrection" of the "Batman" film series, setting the story as an important stage for Holmes to grow from a young boy to a young man. However, after watching "Iron Man" starring Robert Downey Jr., he immediately decided to shape Holmes into an "action hero" with equally agile skills and mind. There is often an inherent connection between actors and the roles they play. Like Sherlock Holmes, Robert Downey Jr. was once addicted to cocaine and suffered greatly from addiction; Holmes is skilled in English combat, while Robert Downey Jr. is obsessed with Chinese Wing Chun. In addition, both Sherlock Holmes in the play and Robert Downey Jr. off screen are 43 years old. Sherlock Holmes, 43, entered the most glorious period of his detective career, and Robert Downey Jr., 43, unbelievably went from being a marginal actor in Hollywood to a top star. "My movies and my life always have a strange connection. In the first 22 and a half years of my career, my character was often like an abandoned child, and then my life became as bad as mine. But sooner or later, once you decide to stop at the gambling machine, your time to win wealth is not far away," Robert Downey decided after learning about the creators of the film and reading the script. Accepting the role of Sherlock Holmes, his wife eventually became one of the producers of the film. Although Robert Downey Jr.'s Sherlock Holmes is a "perfect perfectionist" in his heart, he does not deny the commercial nature of the film. "Yes, the current trend of making movies does tend towards big budget commercial films, but Sherlock Holmes did not sacrifice quality for commercial purposes." The other lead actor of the film, Jude Law, also changed Watson's image of being "fat and old" and dressed up like a fashionable British gentleman. Jude Law's understanding of Watson is also unique: "He is a retired soldier, so he often reacts quickly when faced with crises. Although Watson's personality is more restrained than Sherlock Holmes, he is equally brave." Like Batman, the antagonist Sir Blackwood played by Mark Strong in Sherlock Holmes is also very distinctive. Wigram revealed that this character is based on a real historical figure - the notorious Victorian era sorcerer and mystic scholar Aleister Crowley, who claimed that Hitler stole it from him? Character pattern. After Sir Blackwood was sent to the gallows, he declared that he would come back after his death to reignite the flames of evil. This will become the biggest suspense in the film.
The Knightley Palace drama 'The Duchess' will be released in September (pictured). With layers of pleated skirts and a towering bun, British actress Keira Knightley transforms into the' Duchess'. The costume film 'The Duchess' depicting the aristocrats of the 18th century palace will be released on the silver screen under the moon. The glamorous attire is certainly eye-catching, but for Knightley, how to withstand the "critical moment" has become a headache. With her huge hair and specially made wooden boards, 23-year-old Knightley has performed excellently in the films "Pride and Prejudice" and "Atonement". With her extraordinary temperament, she once again portrays a classical noblewoman, playing the 18th century British talk figure Georgiana Cavendish, Duchess of Devonshire, in "The Duchess". This beauty has both talent and appearance, but at the same time, she is widely controversial. In the film, Knightley's luxurious attire is stunning. However, the towering and intricate hair bun cost her a considerable amount of beauty. Another actress in the film, Hailey Atwell, revealed: 'Keira is a very humorous person. Because the huge wig was too heavy, the crew had to find a specially made wooden board so that she could rest her shoulders and head for a moment during filming breaks to prevent neck pain. It was so interesting.' Due to Knightley's thin body, the film crew had planned to modify her on-screen appearance through technical means, but Knightley, who admired natural beauty, refused to do so and insisted on portraying her true colors in 'The Duchess'. In 'The Duchess', British actor Ralph Fiennes plays opposite Knightley, with a strong emphasis on the role of' Ao 'in sight. Although Knightley's portrayal of Georgiana is captivating, she is the only one who has a cold relationship with Fiennes' portrayal of her husband. For this reason, Georgiana embarked on the path of finding her true self.   In addition, the screenwriter of 'The Duchess' was Jeffrey Hatcher, who had previously written the script for the film' Casanova '. With "The Duchess," Knightley has been seen as one of the strong contenders for next year's Oscars. Yao Jiasen, compile
The Sarajevo Film Festival in Berlin announced that a retrospective exhibition of Jia Zhangke will be held. Sina Entertainment News, the 15th Sarajevo Film Festival, on the the fourth day of the opening of the Berlin Film Festival, announced in Berlin through the International Screen that the Sarajevo Film Festival, which will be held from August 12 to 20, will hold a retrospective exhibition of Jia Zhangke's films, in order to specifically recognize Jia Zhangke's outstanding contributions to film work for many years, saying that his exploration of film media has broken the boundaries and taboos of narration. This year's Berlin Film Festival was surprisingly cold, with big name stars being too busy with new films to attend. When Jia Zhangke debuted, he won the Berlin Youth Forum Award for his performance in "Xiao Wu". Two years ago, he served as the principal of the Berlin Genius Training Camp. The Sarajevo Film Festival invited him to Berlin to announce the matter, but Jia Zhangke was busy with the Japanese release of "24 Cities" and was unable to arrive. But according to its producer Zhou Qiang, Jia Zhangke will appear in Sarajevo in August and hold a press conference. Senior commentators believe that Jia Zhangke has become a ubiquitous name in the world of film, and even if he has not been to the Berlin Film Festival, his news will still appear at the festival. Sina Entertainment's front reporting team issued a statement from Berlin: Exclusive article from Sina.com, please indicate the source when reprinting.
The sequel to Newman's' Road to Destruction ',' Road to Purgatory ', will start filming (pictured) Sina Entertainment News. In 2002, the film' Road to Purgatory ', starring the late Oscar winning actor Paul Newman and famous actor Tom Hanks, recently announced the filming plan for the sequel - a movie called' Road, to, Purgatory 'will be jointly produced by several independent film production groups. Directed by Oscar winner Sam Mendes, "The Road to Destruction" tells the story of a boy and his father who experience gang fights and pursuit together - after their entire family is bloodied, the father and son embark on an irreversible path of destruction. At the end of the film, Tom Hanks plays the father who is ultimately killed, and the boy returns to live on the farm of his lifesaver. The gangsters are also largely eliminated. Therefore, in this film 'Road to Hell', Tom Hanks, Paul Newman, Daniel Craig (playing the son of the Black Boss), and Jude Law will not appear. The narrative focus of the film will be on the surviving boy, and the story will also turn to the process of the son re entering the gang to avenge his father. Max Allen Collins, the director and screenwriter of "The Road to Hell," has not only "The Road to Destruction" and "The Road to Hell," but also "The Road to Heaven." If "The Road to Hell" can receive Oscar recognition like the first one, he may be able to complete the "Road to Hell" trilogy on screen. Disclaimer: Exclusive article from Sina.com. Please indicate the source when reprinting.
Woody Allen's New Film Unveils at Tribeca Film Festival (pictured) The Tribeca International Film Festival in the United States will open in New York on the 22nd of next month, and Hollywood director Woody Allen's new film "Anything Will Do" will be the opening film for its global premiere. In recent years, Allen has continuously filmed films such as "The Last Point", "Cassandra's Dream", and "Midnight Barcelona" in Europe. Anything Will Do "is his first film directed in his hometown of New York since 2004. This small-scale comedy, starring actors such as Larry David, Ivan Rachel Wood, and Patricia Clarkson, tells the story of a man who unexpectedly gains romantic luck and has to face the woman's nitpicking parents. I'm really excited to be able to bring my new film to the film festival in my hometown, "Allen said. Allen's next new film will start filming in London, starring Spanish actor Antonio Banderas and Indian actress Frida Pinto, who rose to fame with the Oscar winning film Slumdog Millionaire. ○ Yao Jiasen
After starring as an assassin in her new film "Beauty's Troubles", South Korean actress Kim Jae jung has started shooting training for the filming of her new film. Jin Yazhong has just been selected as the female lead in the film "29 Years", playing the role of a female shooter who becomes an assassin to avenge her mother. In order to portray the role well, Kim Yar jung conducts shooting training with the shooting department of a university in Seoul every day. Jin Yazhong's on-screen comeback work "29 Years" is one of the few large-scale action films in the Korean film industry in recent years. It tells the story of children who have lost their parents and decide to assassinate the dictator at the time to avenge their parents as they grow up. In addition to Jin Yazhong, Liu Chengfan will also join the film. Jin Yazhong rose to fame two years ago with the success of "Beauty's Troubles". Although he received numerous invitations to star in various works in the following two years, he never appeared in any new films for the sake of his studies and searching for works that were more suitable for him. And this time she returned to the screen after a two-year hiatus, full of enthusiasm for the new film. According to the agency of Jin Yazhong, as there will also be scenes of riding motorcycles in the film, Jin Yazhong is also learning motorcycles in addition to his shooting training. The film '29 Years' has recently completed the actor selection and will start filming in October. Lin Yilang/Wen, all rights reserved Mydaily. Reproduction is prohibited
Nicolas Cage is set to star in the comic book adaptation of the movie "The Prince" and play the role of a retired police officer. Nicolas Cage has been obsessed with comics for a long time. He had previously applied for roles in "Superman" and "Spider Man", but was unable to do so due to his "too much personality". This time Cage agreed to participate in "One Piece", mostly out of respect for the comics. The comic book "The Sea Flat King" was originally written by Miller and illustrated by John Romita Jr.   However, when he encountered a criminal carrying a real weapon, a miracle actually happened. Cage's character is a retired police officer who trains his daughter into a "dense weapon" to overthrow a drug lord. Disclaimer: Exclusive article from Sina.com. Please indicate the source when reprinting.
Heath Ledger's ex girlfriend did not claim her daughter's inheritance of 110 million yuan. Heath Ledger's father Kim revealed that Heath's estate will be inherited by his 2-year-old daughter Matilda, Rose, with an estimated total value of about 20 million Australian dollars (about 114 million yuan), and denied that Matilda's mother, Michelle Williams, had ever claimed compensation. In addition, the upcoming Blu ray disc of Batman 6 will feature Heath's stills on the cover. , (Fish/Text)
The Venice competition film "Air Killer" was released in Japan this week (pictured). Japanese films are hot during the summer season, with animated works "Princess Goldfish on the Cliff" and "Pokemon Movie 11" making a huge profit at the box office. Master director Takashi Oshii (representative of the "Ghost in the Shell" series) is also not willing to be lonely. His new film "Air Killer" has just qualified for the Venice Film Festival and will be released in Japan on August 2nd. Compared to previous works, in addition to the appearance of his old partner, Osamu Oshii has made several significant changes. The adaptation of "Air Killer" is based on the original work by Hiroshi Mori. The screenwriter no longer focuses on personal philosophy, but instead recruited female screenwriter Chihiro Ito to better shape the characters and grasp emotions. In terms of thematic structure, Shou Oshii has strongly returned to the "world series". The story of 'Air Assassins' takes place at Japanese air bases in Poland and Ireland in Europe - a fictional backdrop during the war (Oshii's' Avalon' was also filmed and produced in Poland), and the war is presented as an exhibition. The protagonists are the "Kilt Company" who are in their adolescence and unable to grow up. They carry a mission and fly fighter jets to fight in the sky. If they are not killed, they have eternal life. The sky is their home, and their lives will only exist in war. In terms of voice actors, Shou Oshii gave up pairing with dedicated voice actors and instead hired well-known actors such as Rinko Kikuchi, Ryo Kase, and Qianming Kuriyama to provide voiceovers. It is not difficult to see that the selection of these three actors is based on international considerations. Among them, Linzi Kikudi was nominated as the best supporting actress of Oscar () by virtue of Babel, Kaase Liang participated in Letter from Iwo Jima, and Chimi Kuriyama was impressed by his role as the killer of beautiful girls in Kill Bill (). This is also in line with the animation output concept advocated by Shou Oshii. Compilation: Europa, ■, Plot Summary: "Air Killer" tells the story of Yutaka Hanami (played by Ryo Kase), who belongs to the Kirtland faction, rushing to work at the "Tulizu" base on the European front. He quickly becomes an outstanding pilot and is attracted to the female commander of the base, Mizusu (played by Rinko Kikuchi). Shuisu seemed to be waiting for him there all along, and other characters included the female pilot Mitu Yabi (played by Kuriyama Qianming) from the "March Rabbit" base sandwiched between them. Borrowing the film, Osamu Oshii wants to tell the younger generation that in the vast world, life and death are fleeting events.
Liule Yumi, who is extremely overweight and denies suicide, was once the youngest Cannes Film Emperor (pictured). Sina Entertainment News: Liule Yumi, the youngest Cannes Film Emperor, was admitted to the hospital in August due to excessive use of sedatives. At the end of last month, she publicly released photos of her rest, and her weight gain shocked netizens! Liu Le, who claims to be starting to lose weight, was recently interviewed for the creation of the novel "Endless Rain", but her figure has not improved significantly, and her beard shape has been criticized by netizens as resembling the idol Imai (listening to music). During the interview, Liu Le admitted to having unstable mental state. Although he clarified that he did not commit suicide, he revealed that he had thoughts of retirement due to restrictions imposed on his previous work. As for the possibility of the novel being adapted into a movie version, he expressed his intention not only to lead the cast, but also to fulfill his dream of becoming a director. , (Fish/Text)
Yesterday, this Hollywood movie began their global promotion journey. And their first stop was Taipei. Yesterday, director Huang Yi yu, lead actor Chow Yun fat, Justin Chatwin, Amy Rosen, Park Hsiao chun, Chung Chieh mi and others made a collective appearance in Taipei and were interviewed by reporters. Director Huang Yiyu stated that due to the enormous influence of the original work, not only were the comics very popular among young people, but the 446 episodes of animated films filmed from 1988 to 2004 also left a deep impression on young people in various Asian countries. Therefore, there was a lot of pressure when he filmed this movie himself, but he also hoped that comic book fans would enjoy it because "only fans who support this movie can continue to make sequels." As the "Turtle Immortal" in the movie, Chow Yun fat has not yet watched the entire film, but he revealed that because the "kung fu master" in the original work would be difficult for Westerners to understand, he made some adjustments to the characters in the original work during filming.   And often work as a laborer on the set, doing some miscellaneous tasks. Chow Yun fat joked about it and said, "No, I'm just making pocket money." The host joked that the press conference would be over later, and Fat Brother could help us tidy up the venue. Chow Yun fat immediately said, "My 2 o'clock flight is about to depart
At this year's WonderCon in San Francisco, J.J. Abrams not only supported his upcoming film Star Trek, but also revealed some production plans for Cloverfield 2 to the media. And promise to produce another successful work with a low budget. J.J. Abrams said, "Regarding 'Cloverfield 2', I think our plot concept is great. Making any type of film sequel would be driven by commercial considerations and would be done at the lowest possible cost. Additionally, the storyline of the sequel will be related to the plot of 'Cloverfield 2', and I hope it can be released as soon as possible because it is definitely worth looking forward to." However, it is reported that there is currently no set shooting date for 'Cloverfield 2', and previous reports that it will be released in 2009 seem unreliable. Lily, Chang/Disclaimer: Exclusive article from Sina.com. Please indicate the source when reprinting.
Stephen Chow: Hollywood doesn't listen to my opinion and doesn't comment on 'Dragon Ball' (pictured) New Daily reporter | Wu Yifan | article. The Hollywood film 'Dragon Ball: New Evolution', produced by Stephen Chow and starring Chow Yun fat, has recently launched promotional activities in Asia. However, the "biweekly meeting" that fans had hoped for did not materialize. In the absence of Stephen Chow, Chow Yun fat took the lead, and there were also rumors that Stephen Chow expressed dissatisfaction by being absent because his suggestions were not adopted. Stephen Chow himself stated in an interview that promoting the film was not his job, so he had no plans to participate in any promotional activities. Xingye is absent from Asian promotion. Fox Company had been struggling to find a suitable director after acquiring the film adaptation rights of the famous Japanese manga "Dragon Ball". After watching 'Shaolin Soccer' and 'Kung Fu', Fox Company greatly appreciates Stephen Chow's directorial talent and has invited him to direct 'Dragon Ball'. However, due to the fact that Xingye was preparing to shoot "Changjiang No. 7" at that time, he ultimately only agreed to serve as the producer of the film. Fox hired Chinese American director Huang Yiyu, who rose to fame in Hollywood with the "Reaper" series, as the director, and with Chow Yun fat as the lead actor, Stephen Chow provided a lot of advice on casting, script, styling, and special effects at the beginning of filming. However, as these opinions were not accepted by the senior management of Fox Company, Xingye was disheartened and felt that the title of producer was only a name for itself. Therefore, when Stephen Chow was absent from the promotional activities of Dragon Ball in Asia, it was rumored that Stephen Chow used this as a way to express his dissatisfaction. In response to the rumors of expressing dissatisfaction through absence, Stephen Chow responded in an interview, saying, "Promotion is not my job, so I had arranged other work before. Since I couldn't coordinate with the time, I naturally wouldn't participate in promotional activities." Regarding his specific job in "Dragon Ball," Stephen Chow explained, "There are many types of producers for a movie, and my nature as a producer this time is in the form of a consultant. Apart from providing some creative advice, I don't have any actual work." As for whether his own opinions were adopted, Stephen Chow said helplessly, "Most of the opinions I put forward were not adopted by them, maybe they thought they were not suitable, so they didn't do it. Not adopted, right. I think the production company has their reasons for not adopting my opinion, and I don't mind in this regard, as the decision-making power always lies with the film company. ”When asked about the dissatisfaction of the manga author Akira Toriyama with the movie version of "Dragon Ball", Stephen Chow simply responded in a low-key manner, "I'm sorry, it's not convenient to comment." Fans believe that the response to the shocking work "Dragon Ball: New Evolution" since its release has not been ideal. The original author of the Dragon Ball manga, Akira Toriyama, expressed in a gentle tone, "Although this work surprised me as the author in terms of script and character creation, at the same time, both the director, actors, and staff are excellent professionals. Perhaps for myself and friends who like the original work, viewing it with a 'new Dragon Ball' concept is the best choice. If we look at it from a new perspective, we may find that the power of the movie will become an outstanding work." However, fans of the original manga do not buy the film, from the opening theme song, character design to the storyline, and even the supporting video games around it. They are all considered quite shocking. However, although the response among fans of Dragon Ball was not ideal, it did not affect the confidence of the investor Fox Company at all, and they stated that if the film's box office is good, they will consider investing in the production of a sequel to Dragon Ball. It is rumored that Stephen Chow is dissatisfied with the producer's lack of real power and refuses to promote "Dragon Ball"
The Tokyo International Film Festival reminisces about Osamu Tezuka and wishes for Astro Boy Sun Wukong to join hands with him. Starting from yesterday, the festival will hold the 80th anniversary of the birth of animation master Osamu Tezuka, and will broadcast animated short films that he never played during his lifetime for several consecutive days. This' father of Astro Boy 'is also the pioneer of Japanese animation, and the spiritual wealth left behind is in his hands? Company management. The current president of the company, Takanori Matsutani, recently introduced in an interview that? Mr., 20 years ago, despite knowing he had cancer, insisted on coming to Shanghai to watch cartoons... Three months later, he passed away. Did doctors switch to drawing comics and enter the workforce? The company is surrounded by various sizes of Astro Boy, and his portrait is also printed on the company's business card. In the reception room, one wall is covered with animated manuscripts framed in frames, while the other two walls display various derivative products of Astro Boy. Is it the hand in the middle? Mr.'s profile picture, with a Chinese character on one side: Dream. Matsutani introduced that as a college student at the Faculty of Medicine of Osaka University, he? At first, the gentleman only regarded comics as a hobby. Although he published his first comic book "Pony Diary" in a magazine at the age of 18 and his first manga tankobo "New Treasure Island" at the age of 19, he initially aspired to become a doctor. In 1952, at the age of 24, he even obtained the difficult national physician license. But his most important work of his life, "Astro Boy with Iron Arm," also began serialization. I also started creating 'My Sun Wukong' at the same time. At this time, the increasingly heavy workload of manga work has made it difficult for those who were originally planning to pursue a career as doctors? Start rethinking the future. In the end, he chose comics. At this point, he is already the top ranked author in the Japanese manga industry. Is the new direction of TV animation due to hands? He participated in the production of the Japanese Toei company's animated film "Journey to the West" and was introduced to the field of television animation. As a result, he conceived the idea of bringing "Astro Boy" to the screen, transforming it from a manga print into a television animation. After watching the animated film "Iron Fan Princess" produced by the Chinese Wan brothers, he became even more determined to pursue the path of animation. Finally, at the age of 35, Japan's first black and white television cartoon, "Astro Boy", was broadcasted on Fuji TV and caused a huge sensation. However, due to the lack of an "anime industry" in Japan at that time, animation salaries were always much lower than those of production personnel. Ultimately, the hand? I have decided to leave Toei and start my own company, even if it means subsidizing the animation production with my own manga royalties. In 1966, at the age of 38, he created Japan's first color animated film "Forest Emperor". During his serious illness, President Songgu of Shanghai expressed his concern? Mr. valued China very much during his lifetime. At first, he made up his mind to devote himself to animation because he was influenced by the Chinese animated film "Iron Fan Princess". Later, the war also made him feel the need to use anime as a means to enhance peace and friendship. In order to witness the production location of "Iron Fan Princess" with his own eyes, even though he had already learned that he had cancer, he accepted the invitation from Shanghai Animation Studio in November 1988 and insisted on attending the first anime exhibition in Shanghai. During this period, he also painted a picture: Astro Boy and Sun Wukong holding hands, surrounded by a ribbon like film. On February 9th of the following year, three months after returning to China, he passed away. Our reporter, Zhu Guang
The Locarno International Film Festival opened yesterday (6th) in the picturesque town of Locarno, Switzerland, as Chinese language films once again compete for the Golden Leopard Award (with pictures). Sina Entertainment reported. The film "Feast of Rogue" directed by Chinese director Pan Jianlin has been shortlisted for the competition section of this year's film festival. He will compete for the Best Picture "Golden Leopard Award" along with 17 other films from 16 countries and regions. The Feast of Hooligans "tells the story of another ordinary person living at the bottom of society. The young and strong Fu Gui relied on an old van to deliver goods to a logistics company in order to treat his father's illness. However, the van was soon confiscated, and his seriously ill father was forced to be discharged from the hospital because he couldn't afford medical expenses.     Regardless of whether the film can win the "Golden Leopard" award or not, Pan Jianlin's biggest hope is that "The Feast of Rogue" can make more people feel that there is a shore in the depths of despair and a dawn in the depths of darkness thanks to Locarno's participation. As a former official producer of Jia Zhangke, Pan Jianlin has successively served as the producer of "World" and "Three Gorges Good People". Since 2002, Lao Pan has independently written, directed, and produced six works including "The Bride," "Good Morning Beijing," "Going Home," and "Midnight Night. Although the previous attempts were all artistic films, Pan Jianlin said that including "The Feast of Rogue", they were all "military exercises", and he will now dedicate "a completely different commercial genre film from the artistic route" to Chinese audiences. The Locarno International Film Festival is one of the oldest international film festivals in the world, and just celebrated its 60th birthday last year. Mark Muller, the president of the Venice Film Festival, once said, "The Locarno Film Festival is the prince of European film festivals." Chinese language films have won many awards in Locarno, with works by Chen Kaige, Tian Zhuangzhuang, Zhang Yuan, Lv Le, Wang Shuo, Chen Guo, Liu Bingjian, Sheng Zhimin, and Peng Tao all screened and won awards this time. Last year, director Jia Zhangke served as a judge for the international competition section, while the master of the first generation of directors, Hou Hsiao hsien, received the Lifetime Achievement Award - the Honorary Golden Leopard. Tang Bo/Wen
Photos: Anna Faris Sexily Appears on GQ, Preparing to Make Comedy Movie Sina Entertainment News. Hollywood Actress Anna Faris recently took a set of sexy photos for the latest issue of GQ magazine. In this set of pictures, she fully displays her various traits, both sexy and tempting, and healthy and natural like the girl next door. In an interview, Anna Faris revealed that she is planning to make a comedy film about college life. There are many types of female celebrities, including those who are as cold as ice goddesses, those who have a clear and indifferent artistic tone, those who are gorgeous and unrestrained, and those who are friendly and charming. Which type does Anna Faris belong to? She is sexy, cute, humorous, innocent and natural, pleasing to the eye. This blonde beauty doesn't have the intimidating aura of a queen, but she has an extra dazzling radiance compared to the girl next door. Due to her lead role in the film 'Campus Bunny', Anna Faris was nicknamed 'Bunny Girl', but she prefers' Comedy Actress' as her nickname. Anna Faris said, "At first, I thought it would be difficult for me to find my own foothold. However, two years of comedy performances have made me realize that I love comedy and am willing to fight for it." Indeed, Anna Faris' comedic skills can be seen in comedy films such as "The Scream," "The Singles Club," and "I Want to Be a Police Officer. Now Anna Faris is planning to make a movie of her own. This movie will be her semi autobiographical comedy film, bringing her college life to the big screen.  
Johnny Depp has won the top spot on the IMDB Movie Power List for five consecutive years (pictured). According to the latest statistics, Johnny Depp continued to rank first on the IMDB Movie Power List in 2008, while Christian Bale ranked second. Depp has won 5 consecutive championships, and the IMDB Movie Rights List is collected and statistically analyzed by a plugin on the website. Depp has been the champion of the list for 5 consecutive years. The top 10 of this year are Johnny Depp, Christian Bale, Heath Ledger, Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie, Shia LaBeouf, Meghan Fox, (Megan,Fox)， Kristen Stewart, Will Smith (listening to music), and Gerard Butler. Xifeng/Disclaimer: Exclusive article from Sina.com, please indicate the source when reprinting.
New photos have been released for "Erotic Selfie", with "Mrs. Bush" personally appearing (pictured) Sina Entertainment News. The sex comedy "Erotic Selfie" starring Seth Rogen and Elizabeth Banks has recently revealed a new batch of stills. Zack played by Seth Rogen and Minnie from Elizabeth Banks' experiment are good friends. Although they have a lot in common and often play together, they have always maintained a "buddy" relationship. Later on, both of them experienced economic crises, and in order to solve this problem, they planned to co produce an adult pornography movie to earn some extra income. However, during the filming process, they rediscovered each other's charming side, and the two who had never called before began to have strange feelings for each other... Seth Rogen became known for his role in "One Night Big Belly" and gradually became a representative of the new generation of male stars in Hollywood. Born in 1982, he starred with James Franco in "Freaks, and Geeks" in 1999, By the time he collaborated with Franco again this year on "Pineapple Express", this chubby guy had appeared or voiced in 17 movies, most of which were related to "sex", including the popular "Too Bad" and "40 Year Old Virgin". The movies he co starred in were even more famous, such as "Kung Fu Panda", "Shrek 3", "Horton and the Nameless"... The female lead Elizabeth Banks actually collaborated with Seth Rogen in "40 Year Old Virgin", where she played a "sex" woman. This time, she took a "erotic selfie" with Seth Rogen, which was in line with their partnership. Style. But considering that she will play Laura, the wife of George W. Bush, in Oliver Stone's "The Bush Story", the bold appearance of "Madam President" should be very appealing to various fans. Queru/Disclaimer: Exclusive article from Sina.com, please indicate the source when reprinting.
Don Quixote unleashes his spear, "Up" will be released in North America in June next year. Keywords: idol reappears in the martial arts world. Thin and frail old horse, rusty spear, worn-out helmet, imaginary beauty, and chubby attendant... Combining these comical elements together, the famous knight Don Quixote will emerge vividly.   The reporter learned from Huaxia Film Distribution Company yesterday that the animated film "Don Quixote", created by the production team of the globally popular film "Shrek", will be released nationwide in mid November. Childhood idols have returned to the big screen in the past two years with animated films such as Transformers, Robocat, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Hulu Brothers, and Xiyue Qitong. Childhood idols have flocked to the film market and become a scenery. Against the backdrop of the delayed release of Dragon Ball in 2009, Don Quixote has returned to the world, allowing the topic of "classic reappearance" to continue this year.   After more than 20 years since the transformation of the poor mouthed donkey into the protagonist, "Don Quixote" returns to China and leaps from the small screen to the big screen. The film still tells the familiar story to the audience - a passionate and sincere middle-aged knight Don Quixote embarks on an interesting and inspiring adventure with his attendant Sancho to save his beautiful but never met lover. In order to find his beloved girl and gain true love, Don Quixote and the "New Moon Knight" staged a deadly duel... According to the person in charge of the film publisher, the film retains the essence of the original book, and the reason why it is called "external transmission" is that the director arranged Sanqiu's mount, a meager donkey named Lucio, to tell us Don Quixote's love story, which is full of jokes. This donkey may have to compete with the same talkative donkey beside the monster Shrek.   At the same time, Pixar Animation, a subsidiary of Disney, is also producing a knight animated blockbuster based on Don Quixote. Pixar has named the film "Up" and plans to release it in the North American summer season in June next year. C03a Chief Reporter Mu Chenxi
Hollywood actor Joaquin Phoenix abandons movies for music (pictured) Morning Post reporter, Cheng Xiaoyun, editor, and two time Oscar nominated Hollywood actor Joaquin Phoenix recently announced that he will end his screen career and spend his time on music in the future.   Joaquin Phoenix was nominated as the best supporting actor of the 2000 Academy Award for his film Gladiator (), and the best actor of the 2006 Academy Award for his film Keep Going. His latest work is the romantic art film "Two Lovers" in collaboration with Oscar winning actress Gwyneth Paltrow. In the film, he plays a single man who is under pressure to get married. The film will be released on February 13th next year, the day before Valentine's Day. As for the reason why Phoenix abandoned acting for pleasure, it is likely related to his family genes. Joaquin Phoenix's brother, the late genius actor River Phoenix, and his sisters Ryan Phoenix and Samo Phoenix have all formed their own bands. Another reason is that he may have been inspired by the film "Never Go", in which Joaquin Phoenix played the legendary American country singer Johnny Cash (listening to music). In order to perform and sing better in the film, Phoenix underwent a six-month music training, and his passion for music may have been ignited at that time.
The New York Film Festival has opened, and "24 Cities" has been praised for its best performance. Sina Entertainment reported that the 46th New York Film Festival opened at Lincoln Center at 8 pm on the 26th. The opening film "Between the Walls" received funding from the French Consulate in New York, and the director, along with ten young actors and three producers from the film, attended the event. At the opening ceremony, the creators of 'Between the Walls' collectively took the stage to receive congratulations from fans, recreating the collective glory of the film when it won the Palme d'Or at Cannes in May this year.   This year, there were three Chinese language films nominated for the New York Film Festival. In addition to Wong Kar wai's newly restored "Eastern Evil and Western Poison", Jia Zhangke alone had two films nominated, namely "24 Cities" and "Love on the River". Choosing two films directed by the same director at the same time sets a precedent for the New York Film Festival, which is known for its strict selection criteria. The important American film media, The Independent, praised this year's New York Film Festival as having a French style. The 28 feature films selected include 5 French films, 8 films co produced with France, and 18 films that have participated in the Cannes Film Festival. Since this year's New York Film Festival places so much emphasis on place and location, it is clear that France is often referred to as something in the "hidden advertising", not for Converse or Nike, but for France itself, and not just an organic package, but more for economic exchanges.   Characterized by gestures and silence, entering nature and riverside scenery, Jia Zhangke created a nostalgic nostalgic fragment about memories, regrets, and the power of love. ”The film tells the story of four good friends, two former lovers, who reunite by the Suzhou River during the professor's birthday 10 years after graduation. They have entered the hall of marriage, but their passion is completely erased by reality. On a small boat on the canal, in the charming center of the garden, they confided in each other, but with little dialogue. (Yang Xiaowen, Qiu Ling/Text)
The Nazi thriller film "Valkyrie," starring Tom Cruise, will be released one day earlier than the originally scheduled December 26th, according to foreign media reports on December 9th Beijing time. This way, the film can leverage the commercial effects brought by Christmas to gain a box office advantage. In addition to this film, there are other films that will also be released during this year's Christmas period. 'Assassination of Hitler' will be the only one among this year's five blockbuster films to be released on Christmas Day, alongside Disney's' Bedtime, Stories', Paramount's' The, Curious, Case, of, Benjamin, Button ', 20th Century Fox's comedy' Marley, and, Me ', and Lionsgate's' The Spirit'. These films will be released on December 19th, in addition to Sony Pictures' "Seven, Pounds" and Warner Bros. 'Jim Carrey comedy "Yes, Man". Disclaimer: Exclusive article from Sina.com. Please indicate the source when reprinting.
Photo: George Clooney and Brad Pitt make a stylish appearance at the dinner party. Sina Entertainment News: The 65th Venice Film Festival is about to kick off, and George Clooney, Brad Pitt, director Vim Wenders, and his wife and female singers Lola and Ponce will all make an appearance at the "Not, On, Our, Watch" charity party on August 26th local time. Image gallery submission
The designer used blue, green, and purple as the base colors, and outlined a partial Impressionist "golden lion" with overlapping colors, full of artistic atmosphere. The co production film "Dang Kou", produced by Jia Zhangke and directed by Yu Li, starring Huang Yi (Ting Ge, blog), Huang Qiusheng (Ting Ge), and Tetsuya Oda, has been shortlisted for the competition section of this year's film festival. It is also the only Chinese language film to compete for the "Golden Lion" award this year. , Jzb/Text
Kiefer Sutherland, although not very talkative, is extremely approachable. In an interview, he talked about his understanding of different types of films and his voice over character General MONGER, and shared his understanding of this animated comedy.   Katzenberg: Through the use of 3D, storytellers can take audiences into a whole new audio-visual field and immerse themselves in the story. As a result, everything you see in the film is a strengthened and expanded version, and the connection between the audience and the characters in the play has reached an unprecedented and exciting level. I think we can try to imagine going back to the 1930s, when we could only watch black and white movies, but now we can see color movies - this is our real visual experience; 70 years later, 3D technology has brought us an unprecedented viewing experience, and 3D is the normal state of what we see!   Sina Entertainment: This work has two directors... Katzenberg: Many of our DreamWorks works involve two people working together, and in this film, ROB, LETERMAN (director of "Shark Tale") and CONRAD, VERNON (director of "Shrek 2") are good friends who want to collaborate on the creation, so that's how this work came about.   Kazanberg: This is a fascinating market!! For example, "Kung Fu Panda" and others have received good feedback. So we hope this work can be enjoyed by Chinese audiences. DreamWorks is also embracing this market. Sina Entertainment: Let's talk about the differences in creative concepts between DreamWorks and Disney. Disney tends to lean towards classic storytelling and slightly conservative animated character images, but DreamWorks works, such as "Monsters vs. Aliens," always try to overturn some established rules and regulations in character design and narrative. Please share your views on this. Kazanberg: I have worked at Disney for nearly 10 years, and what I admire most about them is their clear understanding of their positioning, that is, all of their works are for children to see, including the "child" who exists within ourselves. I firmly believe that this innocence has long been a belief in Disney animation and Pixar animation. And DreamWorks - I hope it can do something unique, different from both of these companies, and this requires us to find it ourselves. After 15 years since the birth of DreamWorks, I can finally confidently explain to people that our animated films are made for adults and for the "adults" in every child. So our work presents a completely opposite appearance. Therefore, our animated films have satire and mockery, and the plot is slightly complicated, but I like Disney's works, and I will go watch new works; But I think our dream factory has found its own direction. Sina Entertainment: The characters you are familiar with to the audience are all "tough guys" like in "24 Hours". How do you feel about playing this animated comedy with your voice? Even though you were shouting inside most of the time... your voice was very different from usual! Kiefer Sutherland: I have actually acted in many types of roles, and I enjoy comedy and romantic dramas as much as I enjoy drama films, but I haven't really shown my skills in comedy yet. It's fantastic to be able to perform a comedy with my voice in 'Monsters' - but don't worry about my voice. Dubbing MONGER and showcasing his emotions - but not responsible for showcasing his physical form. In comedy, I think body shape is also very important, such as? ·Comedian stars like Rivers and Steve Martin have body shapes that are very helpful for their performances... and that's exactly the part I don't need to convey in cartoons. So in the movie 'Monster', I had a close relationship with the animation production team, and they always encouraged me by saying, 'Let's take care of the body parts', don't worry about your' performance '. So in this animated series, I challenged both comedy and animation genres, which is unprecedented. Katzenberg: Yes, this fusion is very interesting because Kiefer is really someone who knows a lot about humor. So for us producers, or for the audience and his TV fans, this kind of "performance" is also particularly fresh. Sina Entertainment (to Kiefer): So who is your favorite "monster" in the animated series?? Kiefer: I really like every one of them. If I don't say that, it would be dishonest to myself. When I dub, I imagine the images of those monsters and say to myself, 'Just have this one!'! After the movie came out, I was really shocked to see those scenes. My favorite - probably Dr. Cockroach, he makes me laugh heartily, and his very British traits are all great. Sina Entertainment: Do you think your MONGER general represents a bit of the timid part of humanity... for example, he filmed monsters fighting aliens, but only appeared during the final battle. Kiefer: I think he should be standing in the middle. On the one hand, he controls military power and is responsible for national security, as well as those monsters. He even convinced the president to agree to let the monsters attack aliens; But on the other hand, I feel that he is also full of sympathy for these monsters, and he feels sorry for them. He finally realized that monsters were not the kind of evil, dangerous and terrifying creatures commonly believed in society. It was this society that made them "different" and defined them as "different". When he first imprisoned the female protagonist Susan and gave her a new name, she began to cry, which actually touched him. As the plot developed, he also felt proud of his monster team - especially after they defeated the aliens. For the illusory portrayal of these monsters, MONGER is the character that provides authenticity. Sina Entertainment: We don't think Susan's character is a bit pitiful. After she chose to become a monster again, she saved her friends but no longer had a lover because she was so huge (laughs)... Kiefer: So we should make a sequel to tell her story. Kazanberg: Love is not limited to form and size!!! Kiefer: When we were kids, we probably all thought about what we wanted to do in the future and what we would be like in the future... And Susan's decision was based on her accumulated relationships with all the monsters. Her decision was very selfless, and for the sake of her friends, I was deeply moved. Sina Entertainment: Thank you for accepting the interview. Kiefer+Katzenberg: Thank you. Ma Ran/Disclaimer: Exclusive article from Sina.com, please indicate the source when reprinting.
The movie "Slumdog Millionaire" will be released on the 26th, and director Danny Ball has confirmed his arrival in China. Sina Entertainment News reported that Oscar winning film "Slumdog Millionaire" will be released nationwide on March 26th. After the official confirmation from the distributor, director Danny Ball will attend the film's premiere in China. This trip to China is his first promotional appearance for the film after winning an Oscar.     In 2008, a film called 'Slumdog Millionaire' once again made him popular worldwide. Throughout 2008, director Danny Boyle and his film "Slumdog Millionaire" were already tired of winning awards at major film festivals around the world, and the 81st Academy Awards became his personal runway show. He and his film "Slumdog Millionaire" won 8 important awards overnight, and the name Danny Boyle instantly became the most dazzling focus of the international film industry. The Oscar's resounding victory also put a perfect end to Danny Boyle and his film 'Slumdog Millionaire'.       TG/Text
Friends who are looking forward to being unpopular will definitely find it boring, because the five directors nominated this year match perfectly with the five films nominated by the producers' union before, no surprise. The two extremes of Danny Ball, the most touching British director of Slumdog, Millionaire in 2008, and Christopher Nolan, the most shocking British director of The Dark Knight in 2008, fully reflect the "motherly world" essence of Hollywood, which emphasizes both humanistic care and commercial value. It is interesting that the former's box office will continue to rise in the future, while the latter's inherent artistic temperament has already been read and interpreted in an incredibly rich and profound way. Ron Howard, who returned with a script similar to 'The Queen' and directed 'Frost/Nixon' at a higher level than 'The Queen', subtly conveyed political criticism that seemed stable but had a strong personal color to the audience in two hours of hiding. Not only did it make people forget the terrible "The Da Vinci Code", but it also caused the public's expectations for "Angels and Demons" to soar at a 90 degree angle. Even without the sky high advertisements from Universal on "Variety" and "The Hollywood Reporter", "Conversations with Nixon" would have been hard not to stand out. The last two seats are also occupied by local famous directors. In contrast to Howard, the "three good students of the academy", they are the "non mainstream" identities of David Fincher, whose private life is shrouded in mystery, and Gas Van Sant, whose sexual orientation is well-known. Although they each have their own sharp and fierce personalities, they are equally rebellious and unruly in the performance of the Golden Statue. Differently, Gus Van Sant had already tasted the sweetness of being a "good boy" during the era of "Good Will Hunting", while this year's "Milk" not only balances his own temperament but also targets the weaknesses of the Golden Man; David Fincher, on the other hand, is undergoing his first "transformation". The magnificent and heartwarming magical epic "The, Curious, Case, of, Benjamin, Button" is expected to secure his bid for the Olympics with great confidence. Bi Chenggong (blog)/article
The crew of 'The Day the Earth Stood Still' launches movie signal into space (pictured). Crazy 20th Century Fox will launch the movie signal of 'The Day the Earth Stood Still' into space, inviting aliens to enjoy the movies of Earthlings! This Friday (December 12th), the science fiction film "The Day the Earth Stood Still" starring Keanu Reeves and Jennifer Connelly will be released in North America. At the same time, the "Deep, Space, Communications, Network" located at Cape Canaveral will also send signals for the entire film into space at the speed of 186000 miles per second. Extraterrestrial civilizations located in the Alpha Centauri direction will watch this film in four years. But do they like this movie or not? I have to wait until 2016 to get feedback. Here are the distances (in light years) between planets in the solar system and Earth, as well as the time required for signals to reach them: Moon: 0.000000038 light years/1.199188 seconds Sun: 0.000016 light years/8.41536 minutes Mercury: 0.0000095 light years/4.99662 minutes Venus: 0.00000476 light years/2.5035696 minutes Mars: 0.0000076 light years/3.997296 minutes Jupiter: 0.0000666 light years/35.02936 minutes Saturn: 0.000135 light years/1.18341 hours Uranus: 0.000285 light years/2.49831 hours Neptune: 0.00046 light years/4.03236 hours
Clechton began writing novels during his college years and has written dozens of best-selling science fiction novels, many of which have been translated into Chinese, including "The Corpse Eater," "Terminal Man," and "The Congolese Horror. Clayton is one of the most box office winning screenwriters in Hollywood, with "Jurassic Park" ranking 13th in box office history, "Tornado" (co written by Clayton) and "The Lost World" ranking 53rd and 60th respectively. These films fully demonstrate Clayton's mastery of science and technology and passion for catastrophic events, which are also constant themes in his other best-selling books. In Clayton's works, character traits are secondary, and the real protagonist is chaos theory, which is the collapse of the system. For example, in Jurassic Park, the captive dinosaurs eventually escape human control and start acting recklessly. Clayton's talent is not limited to writing novels and scripts. He is a true genius in the American cultural and entertainment industry (standing at 2.06 meters tall). In addition to writing science fiction novels and screenwriting, he is also a producer of TV dramas, achieving great success in multiple fields and winning numerous awards. His TV series "Spring in the Emergency Room" received 8 Emmy Award nominations and won the award in 1996. As a screenwriter, although he did not receive recognition from the Oscars, he missed out and gained some success. In 1995, he won an Oscar for Technical Achievement for his application of computer technology in film. He has an extremely remarkable ability to combine scientific and theatrical concepts, and only he can bring dinosaurs back to life, "said Steven Spielberg, director of Jurassic Park, of his old buddy." At that time, Michael sold the film adaptation rights of his novel 'The Andromeda, Strain' to Universal and handed it over to Robert Wise for filming. I was just a contracted director for a television station at the time. Michael has a noble soul, and in his novels, we can always see his indomitable childlike innocence. ”NBCUniversal President Jeff Zucker believes that Michael Clachton is a Renaissance figure living in modern society. He is a physicist, writer, director, and producer, and few people can do so many things at the same time, and he can do them so brilliantly. His creation and production of 'Spring in the Emergency Room' for NBC completely changed the face of television. ”Clayton was born in Chicago in 1942 and grew up on Long Island, New York. In 1964, he graduated from Harvard University. When he decided to make a living through writing, he was admitted to Harvard Medical School because he wanted to accumulate knowledge for his own creations. During his time in medical school, he published some novels under the pen name Jeffrey Hudson. In the 1970s, Clayton directed several films with his own scripts, including "Westworld" in 1973 and "The Great Train Robbery" starring Sean Connery. Of course, his directorial career was far from successful as his screenwriting experience. Wang Yang/Disclaimer: Exclusive article from Sina.com. Please indicate the source when reprinting.
Matt Damon is practicing boxing to lose weight for his new film "The Whistleblower" (pictured). Sina Entertainment News: 37 year old Matt Damon admits that losing weight is indeed a difficult task. Due to the opportunity to play the role of a whistleblower in next year's film 'The Informant', he began learning martial arts to lose weight. He joked, 'If you relax a little, it's easy to gain weight. Now I'm practicing boxing, and if you get beaten long enough, it can also help with weight loss!' Matt Damon, who was once named the sexiest man of 2007 by People magazine, said with a smile, 'Now I'm the short, chubby cousin of the sexiest man!' Matt Damon now has a 9-year-old stepdaughter Alexia and another two-year-old daughter Isabella with his wife Luciana. He stated that it was the inspiration given to him by the children that led him to dedicate himself to the "1, X, 1" Foundation, a charitable organization dedicated to helping children worldwide. This is for children. I am very different from before I became a father, and I will put myself in the shoes of 'those children in adversity'. If you have your own children, some things will also become different. "LEI/Disclaimer: Exclusive article on Sina website, please indicate the source when reprinting.
Chinese celebrity Busan made a surprise appearance at the opening ceremony to commemorate Choi Jin sil (pictured) Sina Entertainment News: On the evening of October 2nd, the 13th Busan Film Festival kicked off at the Busan Open Air Cinema. As I had hoped before, although what I saw upon arriving in Busan was not so perfect, there were still many shining points on the red carpet and opening ceremony of this film festival, both surprising and joyful, and I feel that I have gained a lot. What surprised me was the large number of security guards and the sexy and gorgeous red carpet actresses; Fortunately, the successive appearances of the Chinese legion have always been eye-catching, giving us a deep sense of pride as we are in a foreign country. Besides these, there are many highlights on site. Let's reminisce together again.     Although they are Korean stars, when the three beauties walked onto the red carpet, the screams of fans were no less than the appearance of Korean stars. When Li Chen and his two female companions walked onto the red carpet, we shouted loudly in Chinese, "Li Chen, Li Chen..." Li Chen, who heard the friendly dialect in a foreign country, quickly found our place and happily greeted the camera and netizens. Korean actresses boast about the scene and flaunt their breasts to grab the limelight. The red carpet of traditional film festivals is undoubtedly dominated by sexy actresses. Regardless of the climate, female stars always appear with their chests and backs exposed, and whoever shows more will attract more attention. In contrast, male stars are much more monotonous. The only difference between the uniform black suit and white shirt is the difference between the tie and bow tie. We even found that the trousers of male stars such as Zhang Dongjian () and Zhu Zhixun are almost identical. Therefore, male stars on the red carpet must rely on popularity to compete with whose fans scream more loudly, while female stars can cause a stir by virtue of their outstanding dress. Red carpet focus one: Park Eun hye's first appearance after miscarriage. At the end of last month, it was reported that Park Eun hye was three months pregnant and unfortunately had a miscarriage. She cried for several days without eating or drinking. Unexpectedly, on the Busan red carpet on October 2nd, she was once again seen shining brightly. When she appeared in a deep blue floor length dress, posing and showing off her smile, she was completely different from the person everyone imagined she should be, and couldn't help but marvel at the professionalism and adaptability of a celebrity. Highlight 2 on the red carpet: Kim Jong un's hosting gown catches the eye. That evening, the hosts were Kim Jong un and actor Jung Jae young, and Kim Jong un's appearance caused a scene of screaming and shock. A long, flowing, bright, low cut dress showcased her sexy and perfect figure, complemented by her signature smile and graceful pose, creating a charming and charming atmosphere. Highlight Three on the Red Carpet: Shen Min'er's Strict Prevention of Exposure Shen Min'er's appearance created another excitement for the evening. I saw her walking in a white low cut long dress, with every smile and expression exuding nobility and elegance. The unique design of her breasts was bold and natural, sexy. However, Shen Min'er was still afraid that she would walk away, so she covered her chest with her hands all the way and paid special attention every time she nodded in greeting. Red carpet highlight four: Kim Soo yeon is exceptionally beautiful. Kim Soo yeon has always been a darling of the red carpet, and her attire always attracts a wave of media attention, and this time is no exception. I saw her wearing a dark green long dress, and the gold wire design of the interior made the entire dress look sparkling. At the same time, the good fit effect of the skirt makes her perfect figure appear even more exquisite and graceful. The number of security guards exceeds that of movie fans, and it is unclear whether the strong pursuit of fans of Japanese mistresses is due to favorable terrain or the fact that there are not as many fans around the red carpet as in previous years before this year's opening ceremony, but the number of security police has continued to increase. When the celebrities were about to arrive at the scene, the security guard erected a long wall of people, which was impenetrable. It was almost impossible for fans outside the fence to see their idols through the gaps. Among all the movie fans, a large number of senior fans have become another scenery line. They mostly squeeze into the front and scream at the highest decibel every time a celebrity car arrives at the scene. If it is their own idol, it is even more "hoarse". In addition, outside the opening banquet after the opening ceremony, there were also a large number of fans of the master's milk who crowded in pairs, crazily chasing from one side to the other, just to catch up with the idol's figure. This morning, just as Sina Entertainment's solo tour was preparing to head straight to the main venue in Busan, news came that Korean star Choi Jin sil had committed suicide. During the daytime running activities, the colleagues we met were also discussing this topic, and everyone felt sorry for Cui Zhenzhen's passing. At the opening ceremony of the Busan Film Festival, a special segment was added to pay tribute to Choi Jin sil. At the end of the opening ceremony, Jin Donghu, Chairman of the Film Festival Organizing Committee, said to all the audience in the audience: "Today we lost a good actor, and it is a great pity that such a beautiful actor passed away like this. I hope all the audience on site can join me in praying for Choi Jin sil and wish her a good journey!" The Busan Film Festival opened grandly on the evening of the 2nd, and these few hours were always exciting, joyful, happy, and excited. I hope that the next few days will continue to be beautiful. The 2008 Busan Film Festival will bid farewell to Jin Qiu in a beautiful sea of waves and welcome the glory of 2009. Fan Xiaojing, from South Korea
China Film Group seizes the post Olympic film market, with "Water Roaring and Fog City" making a strong debut on Sina Entertainment News in September. With the end of the Olympics, the film market in September quickly became active. Among them, "The Mummy (3)" and "Water Roaring in the Misty City" are the most eye-catching. Due to the joining of many Chinese movie stars such as Jet Li, Yang Zi, Qiong, and Huang Qiusheng, as well as the fact that most of the film's exterior scenes were filmed in China, the Hollywood blockbuster "The Mummy 3" has attracted the attention of audiences since its filming began.   Following 'The Mummy 3', September 14th marks another disaster themed blockbuster film, 'Water Roaring in the Misty City', following 'The Day After Tomorrow'. 'Water Roaring in the Misty City' took two years to shoot and produce, with a 30 million euro investment presenting another classic science fiction disaster film to global audiences. The film features grand scenes, realistic tsunami and flood special effects, and the grand visuals and realistic sound effects on the big screen give the audience a strong shock effect, creating a tense and suffocating atmosphere. The film is set against the backdrop of London's real geographical environment and water facilities. Due to the tsunami, several tens of meters high waves flowed upstream along the Thames River, instantly turning everything they went through into nothingness. They crossed the Great Barrier, rushed straight to Big Ben, Tower Bridge, submerged the London Eye, the Millennium Dome, several historical sites, and many modern buildings were all affected.
The Black Book "has passed the censorship and will be released in December. The director of" Instinct "(pictured) Sina Entertainment News: The latest work of Hollywood master director Paul van Hooven," The Black Book, "introduced and distributed by China Film Group, has recently passed the content review of the film bureau and will be released in domestic cinemas on December 27th, seizing the peak viewing period of the New Year holiday. Paul van Hooven is a Hollywood master director who has been in the film industry for 35 years and has produced several world-renowned high box office films, including "Instinct," "RoboCop," "Starfleet," "Transparent Man," "Dancing Girl," and more.   The Black Book, as the director's latest work, has passed censorship and become Paul van Hooven's first film to land on the Chinese big screen. At that time, the vast number of movie fans can finally enter the cinema to witness the charm of the master's new work.   Due to the controversial nature of the subject matter, he spent nearly 20 years adjusting, creating, and revising the story of the 'Black Book'.
It is reported that "The Incarnation of God" will be released on December 19, 2009, and is a highly expensive large-scale production. In this behind the scenes photo, director James Cameron is giving a play to lead actor Sam Worthington. Disclaimer: Exclusive article from Sina.com. Please indicate the source when reprinting.
An Indian film company has been sued by Warner Bros. for producing a movie with a title that sounds similar to Harry Potter. The cause of the incident is that Mirchi, Movies, a film company based in Mumbai, India, is about to release a new comedy film called "Hari, Puttar: A, Comedy, of Terrors". The story revolves around a 10-year-old Indian boy who immigrated to the UK with his family. The film is set to be released on September 12th. However, the pronunciation of "Hari, Puttar" is very similar to the famous "Harry, Potter", and Warner believes that this boy named "Hari, Puttar" is also too similar to their "little wizard" in other aspects. Deborah Lincoln, a spokesperson for Warner Bros. in London, said, "Warner Bros. places great emphasis on protecting intellectual property rights. However, according to company regulations, we cannot discuss any details related to this lawsuit in public." The Indian company is deeply aggrieved because the name "Hari, Puttar" was already used in local satirical comics when the first Harry Potter movie was released, and "Hari" is a very common name used by Indians, meaning "son" in Punjabi language.
Hugh Jackman talks about 'Australian Chaos': Nicole is an old acquaintance (pictured) Hugh Jackman was born in Australia and studied journalism before filming. In his early career in film and television, he appeared in various movies, TV dramas, and stage plays, and gained worldwide fame for his role as Wolverine in the movie "X-Men". He continued to star in X-Men 2, X-Men 3: The Last Stand, and the latest X-Men: Wolverine prequel. In 2004, he won the Antonite Perry Award for his Broadway performance of THEBOYFROMOZ. Although Australian actor Hugh Jackman has given fans the impression of being the "Wolverine" in "X-Men," his first "romance" with Oscar winning actress Nicole Kidman in "Chaos in Australia" has attracted more attention, and their passionate scenes have sparked discussions among countless fans. Yesterday, Hugh Jackman gave email interviews to several media outlets in Beijing through the distributor, revealing not only his fifteen year old friendship with Nicole Kidman, but also the process of filming the entire film without embarrassment. Have you known the female lead Nicole Kidman for a long time? Hugh: Nicole and I have known each other for 15 years. She is a good friend of my wife, we know each other well, and it's great to work together. Competition: I heard it's hard to shoot on site? Xiu: Great, getting to know her well makes filming very interesting. We filmed for half a year, and the temperature in the filming location was very high, sometimes reaching 50 ℃. We had to wear peculiar costumes, ride horses for a few hours, and sleep in tents. You know, that's not a luxurious lifestyle. Competition: What impressed you the most about Nicole? Without a doubt, it is Nicole's professional quality. I used to receive performing arts training in a theater, where being called a professional may be the highest praise. Nicole works hard every day, harder than anyone else. All those who, like Nicole, have an enduring artistic life have a spirit that makes them look like they have just stepped out of art school in some ways, full of energy, while also possessing the wisdom of those who have been famous for a long time. She has high expectations for herself, and I have learned a lot from her. I think she is an extraordinary person. Competition: Do you feel awkward when filming passionate scenes with such familiarity? Hugh: No, on the contrary, this feeling is very good. We train together every day and ride horses together. One day, we rode horses together to a place called Kanggaroo Valley. The journey was long, and we talked about how we became good friends, as well as how different our relationships on screen are from those in real life. You should know that when you interact with others and naturally get to know each other, there is a 50% chance that it is due to a chemical reaction at work. I dare not say that I can ride a horse to compete in a newspaper anymore: What are the challenges in making this film? Xiu: Such large-scale romantic epic films are not common, and hiking across the mainland is also very exciting. Driving 1500 cows, sleeping in tents, and traveling in wagons is a daunting task. My mission character is called the Shepherd, which is the Australian version of the Cowboy. I have to travel a long distance with my cattle through one of the most uninhabitable areas on this planet. Competition Report: How is your riding technique?
The Last Vampire "will be released in Japan on May 29th, followed by its release in the UK and France on June 12th and 17th respectively.   The Last Vampire "is adapted from the Japanese anime of the same name and tells the story of a vampire girl named Koya fighting against half human, half vampire monsters. Jeon Ji hyun will showcase various high difficulty action scenes for the first time in this film.   Copyright reserved by Cuina Ying/article Mydaily. Reproduction prohibited
Slumdog, Millionaire won both Best Picture and Director awards, and also secured second place in Best Screenplay, becoming the biggest winner. "Milk" and "The, Dark, Knight", which ranked first in the best film award and third in the best film award, respectively won the best actor and screenwriter, supporting role and photography awards, although they were defeated, they were still honored. The "Oscar coincidence" of the "Dallas Fort Worth" Film Critics Association Awards in the past 10 years and the specific list of winners this year are as follows: Oscar nominations for Oscar winning best film 8/107/8 best director 10/107/10 best actor 9/107/9 best actress 10/104/10 best supporting role 10/103/10 best supporting role 9/103/9 best film/Next, 9 (ranking order) ★ Slumdog, Millionaire, Fox Searchlight 02, Milk, Focus 03, Batman 6: The Dark Knight, Warner Brothers 04, Curious, Case, of, Benjamin, Button, Paramount 05, Wrestler The, Wrestler, Fox Searchlight 06, The Unexpected Guest The, Visitor, Overture 07, Dialogue with Nixon Frost/Nixon, Globegroup 08, Child Abuse Doubt, Mira Max 09, WALL-E, Disney 10, Happy Go Lucky, Mira Max Best Director/Next, 4 (in order of ranking) ★ Danny Power's Slumdog Millionaire 02, David Fincher's Back to Life 03, Chris (listening to music) Tove Nolan's Batman 6: The Dark Knight 04, Gus Van Sant's Mick 05, Ron Howard's Dialogue with Nixon Best Actor/Next, 4 (in order of ranking) ★ Sean Penn's Mick Disclaimer: Exclusive article on Sina.com, please indicate source when reprinting.
However, the relaxed ban still has many restrictions. Firstly, only films that have not been released can enjoy this treatment, which means that any Oscar nominated film cannot be advertised during the Oscar broadcast period; Secondly, each film company can only play one movie advertisement, and this movie advertisement must have never been aired anywhere else.
Berlin Film Festival "Zai" reporter, registration fee of 60 euros per person. (Reporter Chen Lingli) The Berlin Film Festival, which opened today, faced its first harsh criticism: journalists from all over the world gathered in Berlin were notified to pay a registration fee of 60 euros (approximately 530 yuan) per person before the opening ceremony. This amount is not only higher than in previous years, but also sets a record for the highest among the three major film festivals. Journalists who were "slaughtered" exclaimed one after another: this is the Berlin Film Festival shifting the "financial crisis".
Photos: Rosemary appears in the premiere of "Burning After Reading" with beautiful legs, grabbing the spotlight. Sina Entertainment News, recently, Rosemary、 Du Wenze (blog), Wang Xi (blog), Gu Zulin (listening to music), Bai Yunqin, Zhou Qibang and his wife attended the premiere of "Burning After Reading" held in Hong Kong. Rosemary appeared in a leather jacket and short skirt, and her beautiful legs attracted everyone's attention. Du Wenze has clearly gained weight, with a round face and body that gives him a more pleasing feeling. Tungsten diagram/text
Milk "leads the Vancouver Film Critics Association Awards with 4 nominations (pictured) Sina Entertainment News, the 9th Vancouver Film Critics Association Awards (VFCCA) officially announced nominations on the early morning of January 6th Beijing time. "Milk" was shortlisted as the best film, director, actor and supporting role, temporarily leading the way. Doubt ranked second, relying on the nominations of three performance awards: best actress, male supporting role and female supporting role. The specific nomination list for this year is as follows (some awards reviewed for Canadian films will not be listed): Oscar nominated Oscar winning best film 6/81/6 best director 6/85/6 best actor 6/85/6 best actress 8/83/8 best supporting role 6/85/6 best supporting role 5/81/5 best film Milk, focusing on Slumdog, Millionaire, Fox searchlight Robot Wall-E, Disney best director Danny Bauer Slumdog, David Finch, The Curious, Case, of, Benjamin, Button, Gass Van Sant, Best Actor of Milk, Frank Langella, Dialogue with Nixon, Frost/Nixon, Sean Penn, Milk, Mickey Locke, Wrestler, The, Wrestler, Best Actress Sally Hawkins, Happy Go Lucky Meryl Streep, Child Abuse Doubt Kate Winslet, Life and Death Reading The, Reader/Revolutionary Road, Road, Best Male supporting role Josh Brolin, Milk, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Child Abuse Doubt, Heath Ledger, Batman: Dark Knight, The, Dark, Knight, Best Female supporting role Viola Davis, Child Abuse Doubt, Rosemary Dewitt, Sister's Wedding, Rachel, Getting, Married Melissa Tome, Wrestling The, Edge, of, Heaven, The Best Foreign Language Film of Wrestler, Let, the, Right, One, In, The Silent Hunt of Sweden Tell, No, One, France, Bi Chenggong (blog).
Hayao Miyazaki's new film "Ponyo on the Cliff" has been both well received and box office success (pictured). Sina Entertainment reported that Japanese animation master Hayao Miyazaki's new film "Ponyo on the Cliff" has been both well received and box office success. As of last Sunday, it has attracted over 8.27 million viewers in its 30 day release and has been the box office champion for five consecutive weeks. Its cumulative revenue has reached 9.94 billion yen (about 700 million yuan), and breaking the billion yen mark is just around the corner. Returning to the traditional hand drawn art style, "Ponyo on the Cliff" premiered in 481 theaters in Japan last month, breaking the local record for the highest number of screenings. As for surpassing Hayao Miyazaki's "Spirited Away," which grossed 30.4 billion yen (approximately HKD 2.12 billion) as the highest box office figure in Japan, it is believed that there is still a long way to go. Ponyo on the Cliff "is a work of Hayao Miyazaki's" four years of sharpening a sword ". The entire work abandons the usual delicate art style and CG animation, and uses a lot of watercolor and sketching techniques to express it. The music part is still produced by our old partner, Teacher Hisaishi. The work mainly tells the story of a goldfish princess who wants to become a human and a five-year-old child named Sosuke. Miao Fei/Wen
It is reported that from the 27th of this month to April 23rd, major cinemas in Seoul will release Leslie Cheung's classic films such as "Midnight Song", "Happy Family", and "A Better Tomorrow". Among them, "Spring Blossoms" will be released for the first time in its unedited full version.     Jiang Enzhen/article, all rights reserved Mydaily. Reproduction is prohibited
Is the story of 'The Return of Youth' from Italy being prosecuted? On February 1st (local time January 31st), according to foreign media reports, an Italian woman has filed a lawsuit against the 13 Oscar nominated film "Return to Childhood", claiming that the film is based on her novel "Arthur's, Return, to, Innocence" written 14 years ago. This woman's novel was once sent to a publishing house in the United States, but it has never been published. The court in Rome will make a detailed comparison between her novel and the movie "The Return of the Young" to determine whether a more in-depth investigation is necessary. The woman's lawyer stated that the evidence currently available cannot determine whether her representative will receive compensation. The movie 'Back to Childhood' was directed by David Fincher and starred Brad Pitt and Kate Blanchett. The story was based on Fitzgerald's creation of 'The Lost Generation' in 1921. Li Lei/Disclaimer: Exclusive article from Sina.com. Please indicate the source when reprinting.
Zhang Ziyi wrote a summary on her blog, expressing gratitude to her fianc é Vivi for sharing the joys and sorrows together (picture). Sina Entertainment News reported that yesterday (January 22), Zhang Ziyi summarized the past year in her blog, saying that many things happened in the Year of the Rat, with laughter and tears. "I am grateful to have you by my side," which reminds people that "you" should refer to her fianc é Vivi. In addition, the trailer for the suspense movie she starred in has been exposed. Yesterday, she summarized the past year in her blog, saying, "Too many things have happened in the past year, whether tears or laughter, I am grateful to have you by my side!" Although she did not specify who "you" were, it naturally reminded people of her fianc é Vivi. The suspense movie 'The Horseman', starring her, is scheduled for limited release in the United States on March 13th. The trailer was recently revealed, and she, with her abnormal personality, occasionally reveals strange looks and smiles, coupled with some bloody scenes, which are chilling. (Fish/Text)
Wong Kar wai attends Busan Film Festival, Hyun Bin Mental Hospital explores roles Sina Entertainment News, Wong Kar wai, Korean star Hyun Bin, and Lee Bo young attended the closing 13th Busan International Film Festival in South Korea yesterday. Wong Kar wai, who attended the reporters' meeting with Ahn Seong ki for "Eastern Evil and Western Poison: Ultimate Edition," said that "Eastern Evil and Western Poison" is of great significance to him, otherwise he would not have been able to see his current works. He also revealed that when he first visited South Korea 10 years ago, the local audience's love for movies left a deep impression on him. As for Hyun Bin and Lee Bo young, who held a screening for the closing film "I'm Happy", it was their first time participating in the Busan Film Festival. During the banquet, the director revealed that Xuan Bin had taken some time to meet with patients at a mental hospital before filming in order to figure out the character. He also canceled filming advertisements and focused on filming. (Fish/Text)
The 007 film series has been on stage for decades, with different Bond girls leading the way. So, what is a 'stunning girl'? 1000 surveyed men in the UK have voted to select the "ultimate" Bond girl, based on her looks: she has Ursula Anders' beautiful legs, Harley Berry's luxurious breasts, Brigitte Young's eyes, Jane Seymour's nose, Sophie Marceau's belly button, Eva Green's hair, Rosamund Parker's mouth, Brett Ekalan's buttocks, and Mod Adams' hands. This beautiful woman is called "008" by people to commemorate her birth through computer image integration this year. In addition, another commemorative significance is related to the premiere of Bond's new film "Quantum of Solace". The new Bond film will premiere in Manchester on Thursday (October 30) and be released on the next day. Top 10 Bond beauties list: 1. Ursula Andress - "Dr., No" 2. Halle Berry - "Die, Another, Day" 3. Diana Rigg - "On Her, Majesty's, Secret, Service" 4. Britt Ekland - "Man, With, The Golden Gun" 5. Eva Green --, "Casino, Royale" 6., Sophie Marceau, "The, World, Is, Not, Enough" 7., Jane Seymour, "Life and Death" Live, and "Let, Die" 8., Maud Adams, "Octopussy" 9. Michelle Yeoh, "Tomorrow, Never, Dies" 10. Rosamund Pike, --For more exciting content on 'Die, Another, Day', please visit the website of Huanqiu (www.huanqiu. com)
Nicole's lead role in "Australian Chaos" has been confirmed to celebrate the Chinese New Year (pictured). (Reporter Yang Lin) On the 25th, the reporter learned from the distributor that the first wave of blockbuster films of 2009 has been released. In addition to "Madagascar 2" released on January 1st, "Austrila" starring Nicole Kidman and Hugh Jackman landed on January 28th, while the French film "Express 3" starring Jason Statham was released on February 12th. In addition, the Japanese movie "10 Promises" was released on January 20th. This movie about Golden Retrievers is quite touching and can be considered a seasoning dish for New Year's Eve dinner. Madagascar 2 "is the first imported blockbuster film to be released on New Year's Day, showing in film, digital, and Imax formats. The original name of "Australia" was "Australia", directed by Baz Luhrmann, the director of "Moulin Rouge". It brings together two Hollywood stars from Australia - Oscar winning actress Nicole Kidman and Sexy Man of the Year Hugh Jackman.   PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds 3 "stars Jason Statham, known as the" villain on the silver screen, "and the notorious villain T-BAG Robert Knapp from the American TV series" Prison Break. "With the word-of-mouth accumulated from the first two episodes, it is believed that it will have some appeal. The Japanese film "10 Agreements" (10 Agreements with Dogs) can be considered a blockbuster. The film features a golden retriever as the protagonist and tells a touching story between a girl and a dog. Although the plot is relatively small, with the success of "Guide Dog Q" ahead, the film will also attract dog lovers.   In addition, 'Crazy Racing' has also been confirmed to be released on January 20th. The box office of "Red Cliff" (Part 1) reached 320 million yuan in one month, setting multiple box office records for domestic films. Weng Li, spokesperson for China Film Group, said he is optimistic that the box office of "Red Cliff" (Part 2) will surpass that of the previous installment. In addition, "Crazy Racing" directed by Ning Hao will be released nationwide on January 20th, following closely behind the second installment of "Red Cliff". China Film Group stated that the film will be a symbol of young directors "emerging", and the cinema manager predicted that the box office of "Crazy Racing" may exceed 100 million yuan after watching the film.
The premiere of 'Australia' in Rome, with Nicole continuously promoting 'No Fatigue' (pictured) Sina Entertainment News. On December 4, 2008, the movie 'Australia' premiered in Rome. The lead actors Hugh Jackman and Nicole Kidman attended. Recently, "Australia" has traveled around the world for promotional activities. Nicole Kidman's V-neck black evening gown exudes a noble temperament, and despite her busy journey, she has not shown any signs of fatigue.  
In 1972, the Lincoln Center Motion Picture Association Honor Awards were officially established and presented annually thereafter. Oscar winners for Best Performance, Jack Lemmon, Susan Sarandon, Al Pacino, as well as renowned directors Clint Eastwood, Martin Scorsese, and other outstanding figures in American film history, have all received recognition from this award. Last year, the winner of this award was Meryl Streep, who had received 14 Oscar nominations and won twice. Tom Hanks, born in 1956, was loved by audiences as early as the 1980s. He demonstrated extraordinary acting talent in comedy films such as "The Mermaid" and "Growing Up". After entering the 1990s, Hanks entered the peak of his career and won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performances in "Philadelphia" and "Forrest Gump" for two consecutive years in 1993 and 1994, becoming the second male actor in history to win consecutive Best Actor awards after Spencer Tracy and the fourth to win consecutive acting awards. Over the past decade, he has starred in films such as "Apollo 13," "The Green Miracle," "Saving Private Ryan," "Rebirth," and "The Da Vinci Code," all of which have achieved impressive box office results. He has also been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor multiple times, making him one of the longest lasting A-list superstars in Hollywood today. At present, he is filming the prequel to "The Da Vinci Code" titled "Angels and Demons" and the thriller "Iron Evidence" in Rome, and his work schedule will continue until June next year.   Lao Qian/Article, Disclaimer: Exclusive article from Sina.com. Please indicate the source when reprinting.
At present, the management committee of the college is discussing this plan and trying to fill the time gap caused by the decrease in on-site award presentations by enriching the pre show performances of the Primetime Emmy Awards ceremony. Of course, the acceptance speeches of the award-winning guests will still be included in the ceremony process as usual. After all, whether it is an award ceremony for television or film, the organizers hope that this event will be more entertaining and entertaining, rather than just distributing trophies to the winners. Related parties hold different opinions, and such a determined reform will inevitably face many opposing views. Kirk Ellis, who won the award last year for adapting the script for the HBO biographical series "John Adams," stated that presenting numerous awards at the ceremony can bring a strong star cast and a sense of solemnity to the Emmy Awards. The idea of cutting back is absurd in itself. Nowadays, television is an important window and medium for writers to communicate with the public, and strictly speaking, canceling the live awarding of such awards is an insult to writers. In addition, former director of the Academy of Television Arts, Stanley M. Brooks, also stated that TV movies and TV series should have equal status as long dramas, and awards related to them should also be presented on the stage of grand ceremonies. He believes that the poor ratings are not due to too many awards, but rather because the awards ceremony itself does not have enough attractive features. If implemented according to this plan, it will inevitably lead to very serious consequences. CBS, This year's Emmy Awards ceremony will be broadcasted on a rolling basis with the other three major television networks, and it is said that they support any measures that can help increase ratings. And this plan will not be put into action until the college board and CBS reach a consensus. At present, the reform plan is still in the discussion stage. The producers of the Primetime Emmy Awards, Bill Condon and Laurence Mark, have remained silent about this plan until recently when they discussed it with their partner ABC TV. They publicly stated that they want to change the previously formulaic and boring format of the Emmy Awards and make the ceremony more visible.   This move is similar to the Grammy Awards ceremony, where awards that help increase viewership are bound to emerge. Similar measures taken by the Grammy this year have led to a 14% increase in viewership from its 2008 low. As for the awards to be distributed in advance, they may have to wait until the nomination list is announced before being decided. The college board of directors will vote this month to expand the number of nominees, with six nominations for important awards such as Best Comedy and Best Drama. Lily, Chang/Disclaimer: Exclusive article from Sina.com. Please indicate the source when reprinting.
Tilda Swinton claims that illness is beneficial for her acting skills (pictured) Sina Entertainment News, Tilda Swinton recently stated in an interview that her recent dysentery has actually helped her performance in the new movie. The harsh conditions actually made Tilda empathize with the character. This Oscar winning actress recently suffered from chronic diarrhea while filming her new film "Julia," in which she played an alcoholic. Tilda Swinton believes that the pain caused by illness allows her to better understand the positioning of this character: "Filming 17 hours a day, 6 days a week, almost everyone suffers from dysentery - we overcame all unfavorable factors to complete this movie." She feels that she already knows how to portray this conflicted character, and the director has given her a lot of inspiration. Although Tilda is famous for her serious roles in dramas, she actually thinks she is a very funny person beneath her self proclaimed serious appearance: "I am usually very funny, it's just that people haven't noticed. Do people subconsciously associate the words' tall guy 'with' serious'?" (Xifeng/article) Disclaimer: Exclusive article on Sina.com, please indicate the source when reprinting. Sina Entertainment News: Tilda Swinton recently stated in an interview that her recent dysentery has actually helped her performance in the new movie. The harsh conditions actually made Tilda empathize with the character. This Oscar winning actress recently suffered from chronic diarrhea while filming her new film "Julia," in which she played an alcoholic. Tilda Swinton believes that the pain caused by illness allows her to better understand the positioning of this character: "Filming 17 hours a day, 6 days a week, almost everyone suffers from dysentery - we overcame all unfavorable factors to complete this movie." She feels that she already knows how to portray this conflicted character, and the director has given her a lot of inspiration. Although Tilda is famous for her serious roles in dramas, she actually thinks she is a very funny person beneath her self proclaimed serious appearance: "I am usually very funny, it's just that people haven't noticed. Do people subconsciously associate the words' tall guy 'with' serious'?" (Xifeng/article) Disclaimer: Exclusive article on Sina.com, please indicate the source when reprinting.
The production process of the union award's small golden statue was also exposed yesterday.   On January 15th, according to foreign media reports, William Shatner, one of the main actors in "Boston, Legal," will host the red carpet ceremony of the Screen, Actors, Guild Awards. The production process of the union award's small golden statue was also exposed yesterday.   (West Wind/Text)
Madonna's directorial debut as a stripper was inspired by Britney Spears. Since their passionate kiss at the VMA Awards, the two women seem to have formed an unbreakable bond. First, Britney Spears helped Mai record promotional videos for her global tour. Now, Mai has revealed that her directorial debut in Berlin earlier this year, "Filth, and, Wisdom," was also inspired by Britney Spears. This movie tells the story of a group of grassroots young people who make a name for themselves in England. The movie will be released in the United States on October 17th. I can't reveal too much, but what I can tell you is that Britney's hit song 'Baby, One, More, Time' was a key scene for the dance performance. Moreover, the striptease performers dressed in the same way as Britney did back then - school uniforms and ponytails that Britney wore in that classic music video. ”Madonna said. Lynette/Disclaimer: Exclusive article from Sina.com. Please indicate the source when reprinting.
Sina Entertainment News: The official game website of Transformers 2 recently revealed the "twin" King Kong designs of the Autobots camp in advance. Their names are "Skids" on the left and "Mudflap" on the right. You may think these two little old men look very good? The appearance of Da Jin Ya and Ba Bi Hu shows that Transformers 2 has given new characters more personality. Moviesoon, Cupidboy
The new film "Nine" is currently being filmed in Rome, Italy. Oscar winning actor Daniel Day Lewis and actress Nicole Kidman filmed a kissing scene at the photoshop yesterday, revealing Nicole Kidman's luxurious appearance (pictured below). The movie "Nine" was originally adapted from the classic work "8 and 1/2" by the great director Fellini. It is already bold to adapt this classic film that occupies a pivotal position in film history. Rob Marshall, the director of the movie "Chicago (Listening to Music)" and Oscar winner, even turned it into a musical, which is admirable for his courage. The cast of this film can be considered luxurious, in addition to Daniel Day Lewis and Nicole Kidman, there are also powerful superstars from various eras such as Black Eyed Peas lead singer Feige, Sofia Roland, Penelope Cruz, and Judy Dench. (Moss, compiled)
Rachel Weisz's new film "Agora", directed by Alejandro Amenabar from "The, Sea, Inside," reveals the appearance of the talented Egyptian actress Haibasha. This is the first photo of the costume film "Agora," directed by Alejandro Amenabar. In the photo, the director Alejandro Amenabar is giving a lecture to the actress who plays the female lead, British actress Rachel Weisz. This is also the first exposure of the appearance in Rachel Weisz's film! The story of Agora is set in Egypt during the 4th century AD, under Roman rule. Rachel Weisz will play the role of Hypatia, of Alexandria, an outstanding Egyptian mathematician, astrologer, and philosopher. She is dedicated to collecting and organizing the wisdom of ancient civilizations, but is regarded as a heretic and thorn in the side of Christianity, which was gradually emerging at the time. Eventually, she is killed by Christian mobs. In addition to Rachel Weisz, Max Minghella, the son of the late director Anthony Minghella, will play Davus, a slave of Haibasha, in the film. On the one hand, he loves his mistress, but on the other hand, he also hopes to join Christianity in exchange for freedom, which plunged him into deep conflicts and struggles. The film is currently in post production and is expected to be released on December 18, 2009. This film is also Amanba's second English language film directed after "The, Others". Moviesoon, Nemo/text
The origin and development of the Loong Boat Festival, the festival of dragon, comes from Wen Yiduo's "Dragon Boat Festival Examination" and "Historical Education of Dragon Boat Festival". He believes that the fifth day of the fifth lunar month is the day when the ancient tribes of "dragons" in the Wu Yue region held totemic sacrifices. The main reason is:; （1） The two main activities of the Loong Boat Festival, eating Zongzi and racing, are related to dragons. Zongzi is often stolen by mosquitoes and dragons when it is put into water, while Loong Boat are used for races. （2） The relationship between ferry racing and the ancient Wu Yue region is particularly deep, and the people of Wu Yue also have the custom of cutting off their hair and getting tattoos to look like dragons. （3） On the fifth day of the fifth lunar month in ancient times, there was a folk custom of using "colorful silk to tie arms", which should be a relic of the tattoo custom of "resembling a dragon".
Faenza Teak King, Noble King Style Teak is native to India, Myanmar, Thailand, and Indonesia, with Thailand and Myanmar being the best. Its wood is hard, durable, and aesthetically pleasing with excellent texture. It has a wide range of uses and is one of the most valuable materials in the world; As a globally recognized precious tree species, it enjoys the reputation of "King of Ten Thousand Trees". Faenza's new ceramic tiles, the Teak King series, are designed with the concept of using precious natural teak wood to create unique wood grain tiles with natural texture and color. The rich antique colors, concave and convex marks, and meticulous wood grain highlight the unique characteristics of retro style; The dotted insect infestation effect highlights the originality of the material, as if smelling the natural rural atmosphere here. Coupled with its uneven surface treatment, it becomes a fashion that goes against simplicity and blends the unique charm of natural classical elements, making people full of imagination and longing for the space. The pure natural wood color makes people feel the charm of comfort and pleasure, returning to simplicity and natural harmony. This minimalist pastoral philosophy fills homes with a refreshing and elegant style, warm and peaceful! A pure color movement, perfectly interpreting the essence of the teak king, ultimate simplicity, ultimate fashion, and showcasing eternal modernist style in the ultimate. The living room, with a rustic style, exudes a romantic atmosphere with subtle hints. On the wicker chairs filled with retro sentiment, the charm of the teak king freezes time, creating a sense of comfort, ease, and tranquility. Afternoon leisurely time, bathed in warm sunshine, savoring the natural aroma of the teak king, simple yet exuding a perfect exotic charm!
The origin and development of the Loong Boat Festival - Wu Zixu (?~484 BC), the god of welcoming waves, was a senior official, strategist and strategist of the State of Wu in the late Spring and Autumn Period. Mingyuan, styled Zixu. Chu people in the Spring and Autumn Period. Belonging to present-day Jianli County, there is a statue of him outside the main station in the county town. There is also a saying that in Shenwan, Gucheng Lengji District, Xiangfan City (formerly known as Guanghua Fu Village, transferred to Gucheng in 1949), people were enfeoffed in Shendi, hence also known as Shenxu. Wu Zixu's father's name is Wu She, and Wu Yuan's brother's name is Wu Shang. His grandfather's name was Wu Ju, and he gained great fame in the state of Chu because he had just given direct advice while serving King Zhuang of Chu. Therefore, his descendants were very famous in the state of Chu. Wu Zixu was originally from the State of Chu. Strong willed, during adolescence, he was good at writing and practicing martial arts, brave and resourceful. In the 23rd year of King Jing of Zhou (522 BC), due to being framed by Chu Crown Prince Fei Wuji, his father and brother were killed by King Ping of Chu, and he was forced to flee to the state of Wu. He swore to overthrow the state of Chu as revenge for killing his relatives. After entering Wu, knowing that Gongzi Guang had great ambitions, he helped him assassinate the officials of Wu and seize the throne. He was appointed as a "pedestrian" (an official in charge of pilgrimage and questioning) and was involved in national affairs. Assist King Helu of Wu in improving the legal system to appoint talented individuals, reward farmers and merchants for storing grain, and establish defenses for city walls. He also recommended Sun Wu, who had a deep understanding of military studies, as a general, selected and trained soldiers, reorganized the army, and made Wu a powerful country in the southeastern region. Based on the strength and interests of Wu and surrounding countries, we formulated a strategy with Sun Wu and others to first defeat the powerful Chu in the west, in order to eliminate the greatest threat to Wu, and to continue to serve the Yue Kingdom in the south to eliminate their internal troubles. In the eighth year of King Jing of Zhou (512 BC), in response to the weakness of the rulers of Chu being divided into three parts and shifting blame to each other, it was proposed to divide the Wu army into three parts to attack Chu in rotation, in order to lure the entire Chu army into battle. If one part left, they would return, and if another part returned, they would leave. "They were eager to give up (exhaustion) and make mistakes in many ways" (Zuo Zhuan, Zhao Gong 30th Year), and wait until the Chu army was exhausted before launching a large-scale attack. In the following years, the Wu army continued to harass Chu, forcing them to passively fight and running around, greatly weakening their strength. Immediately, preparations were made for a large-scale attack on Chu, aiming to win the support of Cai and Tang, who had conflicts with Chu, as allies of Wu. This opened up the northern gateway of Chu and created conditions for a frontal assault to avoid Chu's defense in the future. He sent troops to attack Vietnam again, creating the illusion that Wu would not launch a large-scale attack on Chu, and implemented a counter attack on Chu, so that Chu did not need to rely on Ziqi, who was skilled in warfare, but instead used Zichang, who was greedy and incompetent, as his commander. In the 14th year, under the leadership of Sun Wu and others, Zuo Helu led a large army to advance westward along the Huai River. They launched a deep strategic surprise attack from the weak defense of Chu in the northeast, directly attacking the Chu hinterland. With flexible and maneuverable tactics, they defeated the main force of Chu army in Baiju (now northeast of Macheng, Hubei, or some say north of Hanchuan) and launched a pursuit. They advanced to the capital of Chu, Ying (now northwest of Jingsha Jiangling), and finally achieved the victory over Chu (see the Battle of Baiju). Due to a strong desire for personal revenge, the army of Wu was unable to appease the people in Chu and sparked opposition from the entire Chu state, making it difficult for the Wu army to establish a foothold. After Helu's death, he succeeded King Fuchai of Wu. In the 26th year, during the Battle of Fu Jiao between Wu and Yue, Yue suffered a devastating defeat and almost lost their country. Fu Chai was eager to dominate the Central Plains and seek peace with Yue. However, Wu Zixu foresaw the situation where the two countries could not coexist, and also sensed the intention of King Goujian of Yue to make a comeback. He strongly advised against nurturing the lingering troubles and should take advantage of the situation to destroy Yue. Fuchai refused to accept and watched as Yue became arrogant. In the 36th year, when Fu Chai wanted to lead a large army to attack Qi, King Goujian of Yue led his troops to congratulate him and once again advised Fu Chai not to attack Qi for the time being and to first destroy Yue in order to eliminate his inner troubles. However, he was rejected by Fu Chai again. Knowing that Fu Chai was ignorant of the general situation and could not be remonstrated, Wu State was bound to be destroyed by Yue State. In order to avoid trouble, he entrusted his son to the Bao family of Qi State, but was instead defeated by the Grand Chancellor? Accused and forced to commit suicide. Only ten years after his death, Yue destroyed Wu and finally responded to his words. In the late Spring and Autumn period, Wu Zixu played a crucial role in the rise and fall of the state of Wu. His governance and military strategy are based on pragmatism, far sightedness, and extraordinary foresight. The Book of Han, Yiwen Zhi, records ten articles and one volume of illustrations in the military book "Wu Zixu". Although it has been lost, it proves that Wu Zixu had his military works before his death. It is said that after Wu Zixu died of injustice, he became the Tao God, and the world mourned and sacrificed him, so there was Loong Boat Festival.
Should decoration management fees be charged now? Almost all property management agencies charge some fees when residents and tenants carry out decoration. These fees are generally divided into two types: refundable and non refundable. The portion to be refunded is mainly the decoration deposit, while the non refundable fee is often referred to as the decoration management fee. The above two types of fees often do not have a standard amount, and there are significant differences in standards between different communities and property management companies. Even within the same community and property management agency, if homeowners go to have a serious discussion, it seems that there can be significant differences. This is mainly because the government does not have a clear regulation on decoration management fees, so each property management agency formulates standards based on their own situation, resulting in significant differences and a high degree of arbitrariness. It is precisely because of this that many homeowners have objections, and many people believe that since there are no regulations in the country, property management companies cannot accept this money. Some people believe that these expenses are highly arbitrary, so they express distrust in the use, utility, and other aspects of the money. There may be disputes between homeowners and property management companies in every community due to these issues. We need to analyze these issues regarding the refund of the decoration deposit based on actual life, rather than just empty talk. Firstly, in my personal opinion, the deposit for the decoration team should still be collected. In actual life, there are indeed many decoration workers who, when carrying out decoration, do not consider the convenience and safety of others' lives, nor do they care about the protection of buildings, facilities and equipment. They engage in barbaric construction, throw garbage at will, and carry out construction at inappropriate times and places, which has caused great dissatisfaction among other homeowners. At present, relying solely on persuasion and criticism is of little use for these issues. In advance, the decoration company and decoration team shall provide a decoration deposit to the property management agency. If there is damage to the property, destruction of property facilities and equipment, or loss of life, health, or property to others during the decoration process, the deposit shall be paid from this deposit. If the decoration process is safe and the above situation does not occur, the property management agency will refund the deposit collected. It should be said that this is a good method for supervision, control, and remediation. The decoration management fee varies depending on the situation, and the troublesome part is the non refundable decoration management fee. Property management companies generally believe that during decoration, they need to manage and supervise the decoration workers, materials, and behaviors, and these tasks will naturally incur manpower and material expenses. These tasks should be additional to normal property management work, so these expenses cannot be included in the property management fee and must be charged separately. I think the discussion on whether this money should be collected should not be based solely on the existence of relevant regulations, as there is a certain degree of lag in regulations. Due to the fact that property management companies and property owners are equal civil subjects, there exists a service contract relationship between them. Property management companies provide services, and owners pay property management fees. If the property management company provides additional services and is accepted by the owners, then the property management company has reason to demand corresponding consideration. On the contrary, if there are no additional services, charges cannot be made under various pretexts. The main job of a property management company is to manage the property, and paying property management fees does not require the property management company to become a private servant of their own family. If the decoration is only carried out in isolation from the owner's house, there is no need for management. Property management companies serve all homeowners, so they generally do not care whether the decoration work is economical, beautiful, or meets the homeowner's own requirements. Only when the decoration behavior may cause damage to the entire property, adjacent areas, or other homeowners, do property management companies need to manage it. I'm afraid no property management company would claim to only manage properties that do not undergo renovation, and managing renovation work should be a part of the work of the property management company. Moreover, income and responsibility are interrelated. If a property management company charges a decoration management fee, and if the decoration work causes damage to the property, does the property management company bear the responsibility for poor management? In practice, most people only collect money without being responsible. If there are problems, they are blamed on the decoration company and workers, and their deposits are deducted. This is very contradictory and unreasonable. Some property management companies also claim that during the decoration process, there will inevitably be a lot of workers, which will increase the workload and require additional fees. According to this theory, if there are many relatives and friends coming to the homeowner's home, or if there are weddings, funerals, or other situations, should we also increase the management fee separately? I think it is difficult to convince others. So, I think the decoration deposit basically solves the problem, and no management fee should be charged. In fact, most homeowners also realize that it is necessary for property management agencies to manage activities such as house decoration. The question is, is management equivalent to collecting money.  
According to the Associated Press, the Obama family appears very happy and relaxed in the photo. Michelle Obama's clothing observers found that she was not wearing a sleeveless dress. The sleeveless dress she wore in her personal photo last February caused quite a stir.   The recent Gap poll shows that most Americans think Michelle Obama is more popular than Obama or Vice President Biden, but Obama's popularity is declining. The poll shows that only 55% of Americans like Obama, compared with 68% after his election.
Milan Returns to Design Scene - As an annual event in the design industry, Milan Design Week has always attracted top designers, design and product companies, and media from around the world with cutting-edge and high-quality designs and products. During Milan Design Week, ABITARE China tirelessly visited a variety of exhibition areas, including Milan Furniture Fair and Satellite Salon, in order to seek first-hand fresh content and draw creative inspiration.  
Milan Returns to Design Scene - Taking a Photo with the Host As an annual event in the design industry, Milan Design Week has always attracted top designers, design and product companies, and media from around the world with cutting-edge and high-quality designs and products. During Milan Design Week, ABITARE China tirelessly visited a variety of exhibition areas, including Milan Furniture Fair and Satellite Salon, in order to seek first-hand fresh content and draw creative inspiration.  
Decoration workers must hold certificates to work, and construction must not disturb residents. In response to the problems of dust pollution and noise disturbance during residential decoration in residential areas, the Municipal Construction Commission and the Municipal Housing Management Bureau jointly issued a notice yesterday, clarifying that decoration workers must hold certificates to work, and decoration enterprises must not disturb residents during construction. At the same time, the property management company is responsible for inspecting and supervising the construction site. Decoration workers are required to hold certificates for employment. Enterprises engaged in residential decoration, as well as design, construction, and supervision personnel, must obtain corresponding qualification certificates and qualification certificates, otherwise they are not allowed to work. Before renovation, homeowners should apply for registration with the property management company, provide valid identification documents, renovation plans, and relevant information about the renovation company. If the owner decorates the building themselves, the personnel responsible for the construction of indoor water, electricity, and other pipelines must also hold corresponding professional qualification certificates. During decoration, it is not allowed to disturb the residents. The decoration enterprise shall hang a sign on the construction site, indicating the name of the enterprise, the name and contact information of the construction person in charge, the start and completion dates, and the supervision telephone number of the municipal decoration and decoration management agency. If the decoration enterprise is responsible for purchasing decoration materials, it is strictly prohibited to use materials and equipment that have been officially phased out by the state. During the decoration process, decoration enterprises should properly solve problems and difficulties in water supply (drainage), power supply, transportation, lighting, environmental sanitation, etc., to avoid or reduce the impact of noise, dust, and harmful gases on surrounding residents. After the decoration is completed, the decoration enterprise should provide the owner with a project quality warranty certificate, as well as quality assurance certificates, manuals, and pipeline completion drawings for the main materials and equipment purchased, for acceptance by the owner. During the warranty period, if any problems arise, the decoration company must fulfill its warranty obligations. Owners' decoration requires property management to conduct inspections and supervision. The property management company should also supervise the owners' decoration process. The property management company should regularly inspect the construction site and strictly prohibit unqualified enterprises from undertaking residential decoration projects. Any decoration or renovation behavior that violates regulations should be stopped and immediately corrected. For those who refuse to listen to dissuasion or correct, the property management company shall promptly report to the Municipal Decoration and Renovation Industry Management Office. At the same time, property management companies should strictly comply with the regulations of the municipal property service fee management method and shall not charge fees under different names when homeowners decorate. Supervision hotline: Zhengzhou Decoration and Renovation Industry Management Office (0371) 67188991, 67188992. Zhengzhou Housing Management Bureau Property Department (0371) 67889710, 67889711.
Analysis: The new changes in the paint industry under the new economic situation in 2009. Regarding the paint industry situation this year during the economic crisis, I had proposed at the beginning of the year that the development speed would slow down appropriately, the development quality would gradually improve, the development environment would continue to be strict, the regional distribution would become more reasonable, the industrial connections would become closer, the service level would be improved, social awareness would gradually improve, and participating enterprises would continue to grow. From over a year of actual operation, the actual impact of the economic crisis on the paint industry has become apparent. The paint industry has undergone some new changes, which can be summarized as follows: 1. The overall growth has slowed down or even decreased. Firstly, China's coating industry has experienced a scale of millions of tons and a high growth rate of over 20% for several consecutive years. In 2008, there was already a slowdown and decline in growth, and it was in a relatively stable period after high output and high growth rate; Secondly, the economic crisis has led to a relative decrease in actual demand; The third reason is that the production and growth of the paint industry have been stagnant or even declining for a long time, especially in Guangdong Province. 2. Significant structural changes. The impact on the coatings industry was originally expected to include architectural coatings, wood coatings, automotive coatings, container coatings, and ship coatings. The actual situation is that wood coatings, container and ship coatings have been greatly affected, with some companies even dropping to a quarter, but better than expected. This is closely related to the degree of dependence of these coating customers on the international market; The statistical results of architectural coatings are still increasing, showing a relatively strong performance compared to the decline of solvent based coatings; Automotive coatings can still achieve stability and growth, which corresponds to the steady increase in automotive production; The decline in other industrial coatings is more significant. 3. Increase in corporate profit margin. The price reduction of coatings is limited and mostly completed after the outbreak of the 2008 crisis. This is actually a kind of in-situ regression under the volatile price situation in 2008. In 2009, the price change was not significant, and coating companies' understanding of the relationship between price and market has become increasingly mature. And the prices of raw materials for coatings were at a low level in 2009. This primitive cost and price difference is directly reflected in the profit and loss statement of paint companies, and coupled with the impact of economic crises on management thinking, the contribution of cost savings is also reasonable. This has been rare in the paint industry for many years, and I believe it has had a significant impact on the operational thinking and methods of enterprises. 4. Key projects are receiving significant attention. As a response to the crisis, the country has proposed revitalization plans for multiple industries, including the coatings industry itself. In the situation where the supply and demand relationship between products and industries has mostly stabilized or even solidified, the most typical and highly concerned ones are the high-speed railway as a project-based industry and the wind power equipment manufacturing industry as an emerging industry. The market sensitivity and timely action of paint companies once again confirm the maturity and fierce competition of the industry, and of course, this is also a review of the comprehensive strength and ability of the enterprise. Whoever is fast leads, whoever is fast benefits. 5. The industrial layout is moving closer to the terminal. This is reflected in the relatively large-scale and centralized industrial transfer. The coating industry in Guangdong is moving north and west due to changes in the external environment and intensified internal competition; As the core area for the consumption and diffusion of coatings in the western region, Chengdu's attractiveness to multinational corporations and domestic enterprises has become more evident and substantial this year; The China Coatings Industry Association has also attempted to bridge communication between coating companies and local governments, and the proposal and operation of Hebei Xianghe Coatings Industrial Park is one of them (Xianghe Furniture Market). The terminal tendency exhibited by the paint industry can also be seen as one of the expansion strategies or means. 6. Investment inertia remains unchanged. The reasons are relocation, renovation and upgrading, and expansion. The comprehensive pressure of differential land rent, environment, and competition has led to a new investment cycle in the coatings industry that has already begun. This inertia will continue this year and is expected to last for a certain period of time. 7. Promotion has entered a new stage. Compared to the previous limited advertising campaigns, there seem to be more companies advertising during prime time on major media such as CCTV this year, with both brand and product advertisements, and film and television stars frequently endorsing paint companies. I am willing to see this phenomenon as a measure taken by the enterprise after a certain period of development and accumulation, with some intention behind it. This is also related to the assessment of the current and future situation, certain profit guarantees, and market targets. 8. Foreign investment is steadily expanding into China.   I think things like this are far from over, and there will be new strategic measures emerging as well. This is my personal opinion, just one opinion. The real and specific changes in the paint industry since the economic crisis a year ago need to be verified and reflected by numbers. But as a typical processing service industry, the dependence of coatings on the macroeconomic situation is natural, and the development of the coatings industry in the past century has also confirmed this. Looking back at the development and evolution of the coatings industry, and the many major changes that have occurred within the industry, we can see that the birth and growth of some companies, as well as the development of new products and markets, often occur during times of major industry changes. For example, in the 1990s, a large number of coating companies emerged, such as the cross-border transfer of industries that drove foreign coating companies to enter China, and the development of the automotive and construction industries that promoted automotive and architectural coatings. At this moment of change, the key is to be able to perceive opportunities, be good at grasping them, and actively promote them in a timely manner. To reap the benefits of rapid economic development and prosperity, and to withstand the test and baptism of economic crises, this is a mature coatings industry. How difficult it is to build a country! I hope our paint industry is the same.
What is the wonderful correlation between the personality of a car and the style of a living room? How to improve living standards and meet individual needs? Garage also needs humanized design, how to deal with tricky home decoration details? The topics of concern to these urban elites were carefully answered by experts from Dongyi Risheng Original Villa Design Center and International Flagship Store Villa Design, which greatly benefited the guests present. Ten different home styles, a hundred unique lifestyles, colorful "seductive" living design styles, expressing love for life with brilliant colors, like colorful beetles, showcasing a distinctive fashion attitude, unforgettable at first glance. The "cross-border time and space art" living style, a mix of classical and modern elements, creates a stunning and luxurious mix. Like the mysterious and unconventional Lamborghini, it is unexpected and astonishing... Every change in home style is an attempt at self innovation. After the designer's profound analysis of the car's personality in comparison to home style, a picture of the wonderful relationship between car, home, and life has been laid out for the guests! The salon proposed the concept of humanized design for the garage, and the ideal of taking a comfortable shower outside the garage is not a pipe dream. It is not impossible to have a party in the garage, and you can play billiards with friends without leaving the garage. It turns out that the garage is not synonymous with "darkness and darkness". At this salon, guests learned about the most trendy garage design concepts internationally, and were no longer at a loss when dealing with tricky home decoration details.
The key to the price of cabinets lies in the pricing method. Those who have bought cabinets know that the pricing of cabinets is very complex, and the pricing methods of merchants are also different. So, which pricing method is more advantageous for consumers? What issues should be noted during the pricing process? Consumers must have a clear understanding before purchasing cabinets. The main pricing methods for cabinets are linear meter pricing and unit cabinet pricing. Currently, there are two main pricing methods for cabinets in the market - linear meter pricing and unit cabinet pricing. Linear meter pricing refers to the total price of one meter each for ground cabinets and hanging cabinets (some even include countertops). On this basis, if there is a local area where the cabinet should not be hung on the ground, it will be converted according to the ratio of "2/8" or "4/6". If the linear meter price of a certain cabinet material is 2000 yuan/linear meter, and a customer makes a 2-meter hanging cabinet and a 4-meter floor cabinet, then the hanging cabinet price=2000X0.4X2=1600 yuan, and the floor cabinet price=2000X0.6X4=4800 yuan (the hanging cabinet and floor cabinet prices are calculated in a 4/6 ratio), plus the additional costs of the selected countertops, accessories, electrical appliances, etc., the price of the entire cabinet is calculated. There are many unreasonable aspects in the quotation for linear meters, such as the need for few door panels for sinks, gas stoves, embedded appliances, etc. However, the price is still calculated based on linear meters, which is not cost-effective for consumers. For example, a cabinet priced at 1000 yuan/linear meter has a sink that is about 0.8 meters long, but consumers still have to pay by multiplying the unit price of 1000 yuan by 0.8 meters. This is actually just a simple combination of a few materials for a sink cabinet that costs consumers 800 yuan, while a sink cabinet of the same material and size only costs about 400 yuan, with a price difference of several hundred yuan between the two. Pricing is based on linear meters, and all accessory costs are increased on the original basis. Although some manufacturers claim that drawers and baskets do not charge extra, they are actually the most basic configurations. Once customers request adjustments to the plan, they will have to pay extra. In addition, parts less than one meter are priced at one meter, so for customers, such pricing will incur a lot of unnecessary expenses. Unit cabinet pricing "is an international practice for cabinet pricing, which calculates the price of each unit cabinet that makes up the kitchen cabinet and adds up the total price. Specifically: unit price of a certain hanging cabinet x quantity+unit price of a certain container x quantity. Using unit cabinets for pricing is more reasonable. For example, for cabinets with the same appearance, if the number of drawers, hardware, and brackets is different, when priced in linear meters, merchants often only provide consumers with the simplest and most cost-effective products. And priced by unit cabinet, a drawer cabinet of the same size can be quoted at different prices according to different configurations: for a single cabinet with a width of 30cm and a height of 66cm, if the door is changed to an arc shape, how much does it cost; How much does it cost to add a detachable metal basket to the drawer; How much does it cost if the side panel of the drawer is made of wood... By breaking down every detail of the cabinet, consumers can save on optional configurations within their budget and spend money on the functions they need more. The best of both worlds pricing method combines linear meter pricing and unit cabinet pricing. Currently, the Chinese cabinet market still generally adopts linear meter pricing, but imported brands and some large domestic brands of cabinets adopt unit cabinet pricing, such as Debao Xikman, Haier and other brands. However, the staff of Debao Sickman Kitchen Cabinets explained that using unit cabinet pricing to provide a quote from the beginning is not intuitive enough. At the same time, in order to facilitate customers' comparison, they will use linear meter pricing to give customers an initial quote for the selected materials, allowing them to have a rough idea of how much their kitchen decoration will cost. After measuring the kitchen, the designer will create a kitchen rendering according to the customer's needs. At this point, the salesperson will provide a quotation to the customer based on the unit cabinet pricing. For each standard cabinet, there is a corresponding quotation. If the customer actually uses several sets of cabinets, the total price of these cabinets, plus the countertop and other related costs, is the price of the entire cabinet.
Why? Due to the different models in the high-end market, including the financial crisis at the end of 2008, the impact on us was not particularly significant. For our customer base, the issue of spending an extra 100000 or less on decoration is only a matter of spending 100000, and it does not have much impact.   Host, Li Yanling: Thank you, we will pay more attention to you. Amidst the cheers, we have taken stock of everyone's market situation in 2009, and our emotions and feelings should be very clear. Very good, very good, very good. But I believe these are some of the companies we have seen. There may still be many companies that have not been invited to this stage today, and we are not familiar with the situation. I believe that there will be good and bad in any market. For any new market change, it may be an opportunity or a challenge. I am very pleased that all the entrepreneurs present here see the market changes brought about by this year's financial crisis as a challenge, or to work together. They did very well in 2009. On behalf of consumers and the media, I congratulate everyone. Actually, what we are more concerned about is how this market will develop after next year. Next, we would like to ask everyone to think about our own company's expectations for the market next year. I believe every CEO will have a record in their mind. What is your expectation for the market next year? For a company, what is your expectation for the market next year? For example, Mr. Zhao, is it 30% or 40%? The second question is, in your industry, today's home furnishing CEOs all come from different fields in the big home furnishing industry, and each field has its own characteristics. What changes do you know about the furniture market next year?   With the increase of hypermarkets, the bosses of large manufacturers are also more flexible and able to stand up. I am even more afraid because my own products can be sold in independent stores. If the space given to me by the store is similar, I will enter, and if it is not good, I will not enter. Mr. Zhang: I particularly agree with the more realistic speculation of the CEO of Wind Furniture about the future. He believes that 50% of it is investment. I have personally been involved in decoration forums for nine years, and through these forums, I can understand the feelings of all ordinary people. I dare to say a more appropriate word, I think it is 70%. Host, Li Yanling: The latest number is 90%. Mr. Zhang: I also agree with Mr. Yifeng's words. He said that expanding to other cities is very impressive because Mr. Zhang traveled to dozens of cities across the country last year. As someone in our industry, I don't have to worry about market share all day long. I can still earn retirement money. I want to say that when I observe all the markets in other places, the most important thing for people in our industry is to see tower cranes everywhere, which means that their houses are selling well. After decoration, people will come to us to buy furniture.   Not as much as everyone thinks. Host, Li Yanling: Mr. Zhang just talked about two issues. One is the problem of opening independent stores. Due to strong channels, it may lead to whether these furniture and home decoration enterprises will be bundled together for future development? Zhang's concerns are unnecessary, as Mr. Sun and Mr. Zhang have already opened independent stores. Due to the increasing dominance of channels, may it bring many problems to home and furniture enterprises? We conducted the Red Star Macalline incident, and this afternoon we received feedback from Red Star Macalline, stating that they will stop issuing the 2.8 million alliance deposit. This plan has already fallen through. Regarding next year's hot topics, due to policies and market changes brought about by the new real estate policy, I think it's really complicated. As we just mentioned, 70% is investment, so next year we will increase the construction of rigid housing such as low rent housing and affordable housing. However, there will also be a certain lag period, which will affect the home decoration market. These are all interesting topics, but we cannot discuss them clearly today. However, they are worth our media attention, and we will continue to do some reports to pay attention to these topics. Now let's ask everyone to predict what your company's expectations are for next year? What is your assessment of your industry? Qiao Yinjun: When it comes to next year, why are we optimistic? I think starting next year, whether it's the home furnishing industry or other industries, overall in my heart, mentality is more important than gold. If we face a financial crisis and everyone is pessimistic, what should we do in the home furnishing industry? If we are all pessimistic, this industry will definitely have negative growth, so we can only be optimistic. National policies are not something we can change, and the market is not something we can change. What we can change is the mentality of the industry and the mentality of every boss. If your mentality changes, there should be no problem with optimism next year. Why did everyone present have a good harvest in 2009? It's because we have a positive mindset. If everyone is pessimistic and has no hope, no one in our industry, including ourselves, can change the country's policies. What changes is only our own mentality, only our own feelings. A one meter big cake depends on how you make it and how you cut it. The market will always be there, it's just a matter of how much you occupy. Host, Li Yanling: Especially when the market is full of uncertainty, like the stock market, there are those who sing short and those who sing long. Qiao Yinjun: The world's commercial giants have emerged during crises. It is the opportunity given to me by Sina, the opportunity given to me by customers, and the opportunity given to us by the industry, including customer guidance. We should all be grateful. I believe that next year should not be lower than the revenue of 2009, which was 40%. We have also exceeded expectations. Host, Li Yanling: All the CEOs present have a market growth rate of over 40%. Zhang Jun: As a common practice for enterprises, we should view it this way. Firstly, the country's GDP has grown at a rate of 8-10, which is beyond doubt within the next three to five years; The growth of the second building materials industry has many versions of data. I have investigated and found that it is 15-20, which is higher than GDP growth. What is negative growth? It is lower than last year or 8, and lower than 15-20 is also a negative growth for the industry. Furthermore, for example, if your future enterprise wants to develop, operate capital, go public, and achieve sustainable development, the capital market also has a requirement of 30%, which is the minimum requirement. Based on these comprehensive considerations, most enterprises would have a 30% or 40% arrangement, including comprehensive budget planning and resource matching development arrangements. During the implementation process, adjustments will be made every six months to a quarter. Only if you want to achieve it and can do it, the probability of negative growth is very small. Wen Shiquan: Increase when the base is large, the amount is relatively large, but the percentage has not decreased. Sun Wei has been on a rocket in the past two years, which is reasonable. The so-called growth of 30%, 50%, and 10% is normal. Yifeng has been growing by 200% until 2002, which is normal, but now I think it is difficult to achieve 20%. You sell 100 yuan flooring for 50 yuan, and he can't stand it either. This growth also has an impact on the overall voice of consumers. Like the strong Mr. Zhang, I also agree with his approach. If you don't give me a good position, I will do it myself because he is the first to go global, such as Fangshan, Shijingshan, Pinggu, Huairou. The local consumption is not low, and each enterprise needs to do it according to its own actual situation. Therefore, I think the growth rate should not be 30 or 50, but must be based on the enterprise's own situation. I prefer situations that exceed expectations, so I set a lower one. Everyone will be happy to have completed it by the end of the year. If I set a higher one and haven't completed it by the end of the year, there will be a sense of frustration. Like Meike Meijia, it's like a big jaw. We are not as big as him when we put together. How can we compare? There's no way to compare, we just need to compare ourselves with last year. Sun Wei and Zhang Jun both have first-hand information, so they are also our upstream. We are the largest user of Lushuihe board, but we can be much larger. We have also played a certain role in the development of their enterprise. However, the premise is that Lushuihe's overall national market. Lushuihe has sold almost 600 million in Beijing this year, which is equivalent to doubling in two years. Everyone present has support, and I should use its board to account for 1/6 of the total. Host, Li Yanling: Mr. Wen just said very well that we should set our own goals based on the development of our own enterprise. So how much will you grow next year? Wen Shiquan: 20% should be relatively conservative, and if it is high, it can reach 25%. I am still quite optimistic about next year. I think the financial crisis from September 2008 to February 2009 is the best time for us, giving us a chance to reshuffle. We gave you some stores that we didn't have the chance to sell at all. After we went up, they sold very well, including North Red Star. At that time, the good stores were in Guangdong, and the dealers had a conservative mentality. They felt bad and withdrew, but we have a parental mentality. We support our workers and enterprises. In times of crisis, we were given a good opportunity. We gave us a position earlier, but we didn't consider it at this time. They said there was a good position, but if the furniture city gave me the best position, and if Yifeng lost money here, then this furniture city should go bankrupt. You are already one of the top few in the industry, and the small enterprise that collapsed first will give us the opportunity. Bringing about a decrease in venue rent is normal in a market economy. Host, Li Yanling: There are many small storefronts for you, and your store has also expanded. Has the rent for this storefront increased? Wen Shiquan: This cost has actually decreased. You increased it by 1 million, but our sales may exceed 10 million. Host, Li Yanling: I think Mr. Yin must regret listening here and should have opened more stores.
There are many tricks in the decoration of houses, and developers claim that they are not obligated to provide decoration details. Yesterday, the article "Nanjing 'Jinling Mansion' Decoration Becomes Troubles" published in this newspaper received widespread attention from all sectors of society, and many websites have reprinted it.   Yesterday, the reporter visited Jinling Mansion located at No. 16 Xinmenkou, Nanjing again. After investigation, it was found that the problematic houses were not only owned by Xiong Suyue's family, but also the two houses in rooms 602 and 603 adjacent to his house, which also had quality issues with the decoration. Xiong Suyue told reporters that these two houses, like her own, were selected by the developer as model houses, and the color of the entrance is different from other suites.   The owners of these two houses haven't come to collect them yet, and as soon as they do, they will find various problems. "During the reporter's investigation, Xiong Suyue also specifically introduced the tricks in the decoration of the house to the reporter. According to Xiong Suyue, in May 2007, he purchased Room 601 in Building 1 of Jinling Mansion for a total price of 419000 yuan. According to the salesperson's introduction when buying the house, the unit price of this property is 9950 yuan per square meter, divided into two parts: one is the price of 8150 yuan per square meter; The other part is the decoration cost of 1800 yuan per square meter. At that time, I was also too careless because the reputation of the Jinling Mansion was good before, so when signing the contract, I did not include such a verbal agreement in the purchase agreement. Xiong Suyue recalled blaming herself for being too impulsive when buying the house. He calculated that based on the 42.2 square meters of building area he purchased, the developer's approved decoration fee reached nearly 80000 yuan. But what made Xiong Suyue unhappy was that when he got the house, he found that the decoration worth 80000 yuan was not worth the price. Xiong Suyue said that he used to be in the furniture business, so he is also very familiar with the prices of decoration and building materials. He estimated that according to the current decoration standards of the developer, the total decoration price of his house will not exceed 34000 yuan. I have seen it, and my house costs at least 1000 yuan per square meter. Just the decoration cost alone is equivalent to earning nearly 50000 yuan, and the developer is too unscrupulous. "In a fit of anger, Mr. Liu plans to publish his decoration investigation online to warn other homebuyers. Developer: No obligation to provide decoration details. "Do you want decoration details? We won't provide them." In response to the buyer's request to see decoration details, a person surnamed Gu from the project engineering department of the real estate development company clearly stated that they have no obligation because all decoration standards have been clearly written in the contract. What kind of standard is this? Apart from the brand, there is no model or price, "Xiong Suyue firmly rejected the developer's claim. He told reporters that he had visited the building materials market with friends multiple times and compared the prices of interior decoration materials with the prices in the building materials market. The results showed that the developers were using the cheapest materials. Taking the toilet as an example, for the same brand, the highest selling price for different models of toilets on the market is around 18000 yuan, and the lowest is around 2000 yuan. The developer chooses the cheapest one. We don't have any high hopes, at least your things can reach an average level, but my house is mostly made of cheap goods. Take wall paint as an example, the contract says it's Doris wall paint, but in reality it's wallpaper, which costs at least a few hundred yuan. "Xiong Suyue's wife said in an interview that her house is calculated based on the decoration cost of more than 80000 yuan calculated by the developer. If the agreed brands used are all mid price models, the developer can earn at least 20000 yuan. However, if the agreed brands are the worst, the developer can double the money they earn. Many consumers admit that developers took advantage of their eagerness to buy a house and exploited loopholes in the purchase contract.   Industry insiders say that the variable price model is for making money. "We don't agree on the model and price with you, the purpose is to make a big profit from you during decoration." A real estate insider bluntly stated that the real estate market is not doing well now, and the price of rough houses is not selling high. Therefore, relying on decoration and repair to cover the housing price has become a new tactic for some developers. He revealed that the common practice in the industry is to first lower the price of unfinished houses to attract buyers, and then help you with fine decoration, promising that the decoration materials you use are all luxury brands. Many buyers are deceived. Because most people think that it's not a big deal for a well decorated house to be a bit expensive, because it saves the hassle of decoration and can be moved in with just a bag. In fact, what developers earn is the money from fine decoration. The person said that earning seven to eight hundred yuan per square meter is a small idea for a general furnished house. What kind of tricks are there in fully furnished houses? What are the government's restrictive policies? How effective can these policies really be? This newspaper will continue to pay attention. For more exciting content, please click on Sina Real Estate Home Decoration. Welcome to participate in the hot decoration forum
Marketing expert: Successfully driving a new round of home consumption. In response to our newspaper's launch of the "Hand Helper, Let's Become a New Home Together" large-scale event, Mr. Tao, a well-known marketing expert in the home decoration industry in Chengdu, expressed his personal opinions and insights in an interview with our reporter. Transforming into a new home "is indeed a great idea. The event not only provides consumers with a new concept of home consumption, but also effectively drives home decoration consumption while providing direct services with helpers. Transforming into a new home, in a broad sense, is not only aimed at replacing old houses with new ones. New house decoration is also an important part of the transformation into a new home activity. Therefore, the Evening News Transformation into a New Home activity hits the nail on the head from the needs of the people, activating the needs of old house decoration owners and providing reference and guidance for new house decoration owners. The balance and compatibility of old and new consumer demands is a very important matter for the entire industry. More and more homeowners are becoming new homes now, which indicates that there were many problems in our decoration industry in the past. There were many non-standard operations that led to low decoration quality for homeowners, resulting in a demand for secondary decoration. On the other hand, it reflects that there are still many business opportunities to explore in the decoration industry, and there are many things to do. Business opportunities have come now, and as industry manufacturers, we must bravely embrace them. The "New Home" activity of the evening newspaper, I believe, is about to stimulate new hotspots in the home industry, while also comprehensively driving new consumption in industries such as wallpaper, wallpaper, coatings, lighting fixtures, accessories, fabrics, furniture, gardening, etc. Nowadays, the consumption concept of ordinary people is constantly changing, and home decoration is not a static thing, nor can it be controlled for a lifetime. As long as ordinary people dare to consume, there are business opportunities and hope. So, transforming into a new home will successfully drive a new round of consumption in the home decoration industry.
The contradiction lies in what kind of fixed decoration is included. On October 30th last year, Xiao Zhang, through the agency of "I Love My Home", bought a house owned by Ms. Song in the Chunjiang Huayue community for 3.85 million yuan. The purchase price includes the underground garage, property maintenance fund, video doorbell, curtains, lighting fixtures, and fixed decoration. Within the specified time, Party B Xiaozhang paid the purchase price. On November 12th, the transfer procedures were completed and the three certificates were received. Before delivering the house, Ms. Song, the first party, requested that Xiao Zhang pay an additional decoration fee of 200000 yuan to move in. Yesterday, Xiao Zhang sued Ms. Song in court, demanding the delivery of the house and payment of a penalty for breach of contract, as well as a decoration damage of 15000 yuan. There is a significant dispute between the two parties regarding the meaning of "fixed decoration" mentioned in the contract. The seller did not deliver the house, and the buyer replaced the door lock for decoration purposes. Both sides negotiated several times. Just the court hearing, yesterday was already the fourth time. January 10th this year was originally the day for the delivery of the house. Xiao Zhang and Ms. Song got into an argument over the decoration. Ms. Song's house has been renovated twice in total, claiming to have put in a lot of effort. Mr. Xia, the witness, said that he accompanied Ms. Song to deliver the room at that time. Ms. Song wants a decoration fee of 200000 yuan, but Xiao Zhang said that the decoration is not worth that much, at most 100000 yuan. Xiao Zhang told him through an intermediary that he could pay 50000 yuan. Ms. Song didn't give up and said she had suffered a big loss this time. Mr. Xia suggested 80000 yuan. Afterwards, Xiao Zhang did not respond and the agent did not speak up to make a statement. Xiao Zhang's agent said that offering 50000 yuan at that time was to make a compromise and not to make things too unpleasant, but this does not mean that they agree with the statement about decoration costs. Witness Xiao Shen is a friend who opened a shop with Ms. Song in Sijiqing. She said that on January 9th, she went with Ms. Song to talk to Xiao Zhang about the renovation. When they arrived at the house, they saw many people from Xiao Zhang's family playing with their cameras. The next day, when Xiao Shen and Ms. Song went to see the house again, the door couldn't be opened. They called the locksmith to open the door while calling the police. The police said that this matter belongs to the civil category and asked them to have a good discussion with the other party. They probably knew that Xiao Zhang had already changed the door lock at this moment. When central air conditioning was listed for sale, it was said to be finely decorated. Yesterday, the judge asked Xiao Shen: Have you seen the house? Can it immediately be inhabited? Xiao Shen said it wasn't possible yet. "The bathroom was empty, with no toilet or sink, only tiles and traces of decoration." Afterwards, the central air conditioning and the range hood in the kitchen also disappeared without a trace. The defendant admitted that these were dismantled after the plaintiff refused to pay the decoration fee. But bathroom facilities have never existed. Central air conditioning and range hood are not fixed decorations. Ms. Song's idea is that the floor, walls, doors and windows, and facilities that cannot be moved and connected to the wall are "fixed decorations", while other items such as curtains, lighting fixtures, air conditioning, kitchen equipment, and bathroom equipment are not considered "fixed decorations". So dismantling is reasonable. They also provided a decoration agreement from Jiuding Decoration to prove that they only contracted the "fixed decoration" part at that time. Xiao Zhang disagrees. There are full package and half package decoration options. The main materials provided by the owner cannot be excluded from the fixed decoration. "There is usually a supplementary agreement outside the contract." Both Song and I have this feeling, mainly due to the intermediary's problem, "Mr. Xia said during his testimony. On the day of delivery, when he talked to the staff of "I Love My Home", he blamed them: these contents should have been stipulated in the contract, and the issue of decoration was not clearly stated, which is your fault. Mr. Xia said that at that time, "I love my family" apologized after hearing the blame, saying that the person handling this matter may be a novice and not familiar with the business.   But in the future, both parties will sign a supplementary agreement, which specifically lists the ownership of household facilities such as air conditioners, refrigerators, televisions, range hoods, etc. As long as each facility is hooked before, it means that it is attached to the house and given to Party B. The case will have a verdict in the near future.
The new fashion trend led by technology and the innovation in the bathroom industry are driving the development of the industry. For modern people, the bathroom is no longer just a simple place for cleaning, but also a pleasure to enjoy. It is understood that most consumers consider style, appearance, and price as the main factors when choosing a bathtub. The shape and style of the bathtub are constantly changing to meet the needs of consumers. The fashionable bathroom has evolved from a simple "place of grain rotation" in the past to a home public space with diverse equipment and functions. Like large home furnishing stores, bathroom products are located on the first floor, and even passing by can feel the fashionable atmosphere of bathroom products. Products and services are becoming more humanized. "High end bathroom products are no longer just about quality, but more about design style and service. Because consumers have higher requirements for products," said Shen Yue, the manager of Gaoyi Bathroom. Through the interface treatment of bathroom space, products can reflect style, such as the mosaic of the floor, the division of the wall, the comparison of materials, the treatment of the washbasin, the practice of mirror and frame, and the design of storage cabinets. These are all key to improving the living room level through bathroom. In addition, bathroom products with more humanized designs are becoming increasingly popular. The huge showerhead looks atmospheric and has a large water output, allowing us to enjoy the comfort of bathing. However, Ms. Shen reminds consumers that large showerheads require sufficient water pressure. If the water pressure in the room is low, it is recommended not to choose a showerhead that is too large. Double headed showerheads, straight shaped showerheads... Bold designs, some also have massage functions, and adjustable water discharge methods. This type of showerhead is currently the most popular. Make great efforts in color and lighting. Although the bathroom is small, making good use of light sources can make this private space appear more atmospheric. According to the salesperson of Lejia Sanitary Ware, when decorating the bathroom space, two to three colors and lighting methods can be selected for comprehensive use, which helps to create different atmospheres. The color of the bathroom can be coordinated with the color of the selected sanitary ware. At the same time, the material plays a significant role. Usually, the color of the bathroom is mainly warm tones. The change in material should be conducive to cleaning and consider waterproofing. It is recommended to use stone, face bricks, fireproof boards, etc. At present, the color of bathroom products on the market is no longer a single pure white, but more soft colors such as green, pink, yellow, etc. Wooden materials such as maple, cherry wood, and camphor can also be used in places with high standards. The shape and effect of the panel bath cabinet are also good, and the key is to pay attention to good moisture resistance. In addition, artworks and green decorations can be boldly used in the bathroom space to complement embellishments and achieve rich color changes. Boldly utilizing technology and new designs, the surfing massage bathtub is currently a popular ceramic bathroom product. Surfing massage bathtubs can be considered luxury items, and some bathtubs continue to pursue added value, such as being equipped with built-in radios and 9-inch waterproof LCD TVs. Depending on the shape of the bathtub, its price ranges from 10000 to 40000 yuan. Some massage bathtubs not only have massage water outlets, but also offer various automatic bathing options such as massage, surfing, and bubble baths, making them truly high-end products. Accustomed to square ceramic products, now products with different shapes are constantly enriching the ceramic market. In order to integrate ceramic products into every space of life, designers are constantly exploring and shaping hard ceramic products into their ideal styles. Yuanbao style ceramic basins, geometric shaped products, circular or irregularly shaped bathtubs, etc. bring more imaginative space to people's lives and also add more choices to bathroom spaces. The overall concept is constantly expanding, and it is understood that major brands of bathroom products are beginning to attach importance to the creation of integrated bathrooms. The salesperson of American standard sanitary ware introduced that the overall bathroom is a combination of many bathroom facilities through molding and on-site installation. Inside, there is a bathtub, shower, toilet, basin, etc., with exquisite design. The floor, ceiling, and bathroom door are installed in one unit, and even small "miscellaneous" items such as makeup mirrors, lighting fixtures, ventilation fans, faucets, paper rollers, towel racks, and towel racks are readily available; In addition, a set of integrated bathrooms also includes complete fittings for water supply and drainage pipes, as well as a complete set of installation parts. By offering products and services ranging from sanitary ware to accessories, we aim to seduce consumers in all aspects. Innovation will definitely drive the development of an industry, but not just for competition, but to make the industry develop even better.
The most advanced environmentally friendly intelligent underfloor heating in Europe has entered the Chinese market. At the ISH exhibition, the world's largest HVAC exhibition held in Frankfurt, Germany in March this year, many advanced drinking water and heating system suppliers from the European market appeared at the exhibition. Products such as drinking water connection systems, flexible and quick to install thin underfloor heating products, wireless intelligent underfloor heating control systems, as well as cutting-edge plastic pipes and aluminum-plastic composite pipe systems, all made their debut at this exhibition. Recently, we have specially invited one of the exhibitors at the ISH exhibition, the leading supplier of drinking water and heating systems in the European market, Germany's Obono Co., Ltd., to introduce to netizens the characteristics of advanced floor heating systems in Europe. Obono is an internationally leading supplier of water supply and heating systems in residential and commercial buildings from Europe. Mr. Robert, Chief Representative of Obono Beijing Representative Office, introduced that the biggest features of advanced heating products in Europe are balance, energy saving, and intelligent remote control. Now let's take a look at how advanced heating products from abroad achieve these points. Comfortable, energy-saving, healthy and environmentally friendly, challenging traditional radiators. Compared with traditional methods, advanced heating methods in Europe have many differences. The overall heating comfort of traditional radiators is not good. Traditional radiators are definitely hung on the wall, and their heat dissipation temperature is not very uniform. One place is always very hot, but the temperature in other places may not be very high. However, radiant floor heating can evenly distribute the heating temperature, and the comfort level can reach every corner of the house, even extending to the kitchen, bathroom, and lower ground areas. The radiator may occupy some space in your home, affecting the overall aesthetic design of the home. The concealed installation of floor heating pipes makes the room more aesthetically pleasing and avoids furniture layout conflicts. For some young couples who have children at home, some radiators have high temperatures. If the temperature is too high, the children may be injured and scalded. Some elderly people also bring some inconvenience to their lives. At the same time, this advanced floor heating system product also attaches great importance to indoor air quality, which is also a core focus of their product. Due to the upward circulation of cold air during the heat dissipation process of the radiator, some dust and bacteria may be introduced. It can have a certain impact on people with respiratory tract problems or those who are prone to allergies. The radiant floor heating system does not have airflow, fans or supply fans, which avoids the spread of dust and other allergens in the room. In China, the traditional heating method is now known as centralized heating, and it is not possible to control the temperature of the radiator separately. Radiant heating systems can adapt to any shape of area and provide different heating temperatures according to different areas of the room. For example, bathrooms, basements, and lobbies can provide more heating capacity as needed. In addition, for example, the study or dining area can lower the temperature as needed to achieve effective energy utilization. At present, in China, some new types of building heating methods are air conditioning heating. But air conditioning is not very energy-efficient because it requires a lot of energy. Secondly, its maintenance costs will be very high. If the air conditioner is not regularly maintained, it will produce polluted air, which is harmful to human health and the maintenance cost is also relatively high. Although air conditioning can also control the temperature of each room, it is still detrimental to energy conservation. More than 90% of people's work and living environments are indoors, either in their own home or in the office, so the air quality environment in the office and home is also very important. So, the quality of indoor air environment mentioned earlier is very important for human health and comfort,. Intelligent underfloor heating - Each room can be adjusted to different temperatures, so for us, the healthiest and cleanest way is to install underfloor heating. Because floor heating does not generate air flow and is also transported by fans, it does not produce bacteria, dust, and so on. Similarly, laying underfloor heating is a temperature that is evenly distributed, and you will feel that the overall temperature is very comfortable. The hot air blown by the air conditioner is only in a local area, and you will feel that this area is very hot, while other areas are not very hot, and you will not feel very comfortable. Therefore, relatively speaking, the comfort of underfloor heating is much higher than that of traditional radiators and air conditioning heating. And floor heating does not require any maintenance costs, while air conditioning requires cleaning and maintenance costs, which is also the advantage of floor heating. Laying floor heating is also very energy-efficient. The temperature of the heated area is evenly distributed, so it can quickly generate thermal effects and achieve energy-saving effects. Advanced heating systems in Europe can control the temperature of each room separately, for example, in the bedroom, it is more comfortable to sleep at a lower temperature, while the temperature in the living room and living room can be slightly higher. Wireless control system - freely control the temperature and comfort you want. Advanced floor heating is a product of a system that includes not only pipes, but also matching fittings, graded water heaters, temperature control systems, and more. When designing floor heating methods for customers, they will determine which bedroom faces south or north, the degree of sunlight exposure, the shape of each room, and the temperature required for each room based on the customer's living conditions. Then, using highly professional design software, they will help customers design a very reasonable, energy-saving, healthy, and comfortable floor heating system design plan according to their specific requirements. This advanced system also has wireless control function, and the randomly equipped wireless control sensors can control the room temperature according to different human needs. Customers can freely arrange the position of the room temperature controller. The components of each floor heating element can be controlled through a wireless control system. Once equipped with this wireless control system, customers will have many choices and can freely control the temperature and comfort they want. High quality system service - eliminating customers' worries. Advanced underfloor heating suppliers also attach great importance to the post installation service of products, because only high-quality products and correct installation methods can provide customers with safe and reliable systems. Therefore, they are very cautious when choosing partners. These partners have also undergone strict professional training from suppliers, and they have considerable experience in laying floor heating. Therefore, with professional training and their experience, they can provide customers with the highest quality service. According to Mr. Robert, the Chief Representative of Obono Beijing Representative Office, the services they currently provide to customers can be said to be a complete set of services, including when customers find them in the early stage and want to install underfloor heating, they may have technical problems, what kind of product they need to choose, what kind of problems may arise during the installation process, and how to solve them. We will provide professional consulting services to customers in the early stage of installation, which is the first priority. Secondly, once they choose Obono's system products, they will be provided with secure and reliable installation services. Thirdly, after-sales service. After the installation of underfloor heating is completed, if any problems arise, including those that customers cannot solve, Obono's partners will promptly appear at the customer's home to solve all problems. All of these are a complete set of services. In addition, if the customer chooses their product, they will also be provided with a system quality assurance, which includes the replacement of your floor, product replacement, or any indirect or direct impact caused by the manufacturer's floor heating system in case of any problems. But most importantly, customers must choose the entire system product from the manufacturer's designated agent in order to enjoy certified insurance and system quality assurance.
The 2010 European Flooring New Year Party released a three-year brand plan. On the afternoon of January 12, 2010, the theme of the 2010 European Flooring New Year Party and 2009 Commendation Conference, held by Beijing Changli Wood Industry Co., Ltd., was "Creating Miracles with Belief and Continuing Brilliance with Confidence". At this annual meeting, Eu Man Flooring announced that a new three-year plan has been released, which will strengthen market expansion from 2010 and develop Eu Man Flooring from a Beijing regional brand to a national brand. At the annual meeting, Zhang Yuexuan, the President of Eu Man Flooring, announced that despite the impact of the international financial crisis in 2009, Eu Man Flooring delivered a good performance, with sales increasing by 30% compared to the previous year.   Starting from 2010, Europeans will expand to a wider region and promote their advantages in Beijing to the whole country, making Europeans a well-known brand in the flooring industry. For this reason, Europeans will treat every dealer kindly, guide them to make money, and promote the rolling development of Europeans. At the same time, we will further stimulate the enthusiasm of employees, especially the creativity of grassroots employees. The recognition of outstanding employees, including salespeople and installers, that evening sounded the horn for Europeans to march towards the whole country.   The company has introduced internationally advanced HOMAG lock production lines from Germany and Taiwan, mainly producing coated impregnated paper laminated wooden flooring and solid wood composite flooring. It is a participating drafting unit for the "Coated impregnated paper laminated wooden flooring" standard. There are eleven series of products, including imitation solid wood piano paint series, imitation solid wood one-time molding series, imitation solid wood large arc series, imitation solid wood true wood grain series, antique series, imitation marble series, widened and thickened economical series, cartoon series, and solid wood composite series, with more than 100 varieties.     While winning various honors, Eurofloor strictly adheres to national and enterprise standards, and follows the relevant provisions of the "Compilation of Technical Standards for Wooden Flooring" (Second Edition) to provide consumers with high-quality services with industry authority.
On September 5th, watching Huayi's "Wind Sound", winning Dongyi's "Good Gifts", Dongyi Risheng's "Water Rises Wind Sound" special salon was held as scheduled. At the European style Dongyi Risheng&Yide Fajia Integrated Home Decoration Experience Hall, Dongyi Risheng teamed up with the Beijing Youth Daily to invite authoritative Yi learning masters to point out the mysteries of Jin's residence and inherit Chinese home feng shui culture! The exciting activities have attracted a large number of consumers, including many enthusiasts of traditional Chinese culture and home culture. European style home furnishings vs. Chinese traditional culture, seemingly two different styles of life, intersect here. Customers with different life concepts exchange and discuss with each other, enjoying a feast of home culture! The authoritative master of Yi Xue provides guidance on the layout of new homes, deciphering the design secrets of Feng Shui taboos in home decoration. Interior Feng Shui designers create auspicious homes, providing authoritative reviews and insightful analysis of classic Feng Shui examples in home decoration. Senior designers propose classic layout rules for living spaces, which greatly benefit the clients present! Not only that, but also in 8848? The flagship home decoration experience hall in Asia, where customers who arrived on the same day also observed dozens of styles of home decoration model rooms displayed in real life, experiencing a myriad of cultural performances! It is worth mentioning that during the screening of the movie "The Wind", holders of checked admission tickets can participate in the exclusive salon event of Dongyi Risheng&Yide Fajia Integrated Home Decoration Experience Hall every Saturday at 14:00, and have a chance to win Dongyi Mysterious Gifts! Introduction to "The Wind" - Adapted from the new work "The Wind" by Mai Jia, it is a perfect collaboration between Huayi Brothers Media Co., Ltd., a representative figure of Taiwan's new films, and top domestic director Gao Qunshu, with an investment of 80 million yuan. The combination of renowned directors and Huayi Brothers' gold medal producers such as "Big Shot", "Heroes of Heaven and Earth", "Kekexili", "No Thieves in the World", "Assembly", "If You Are the One", etc., makes the spy war blockbuster "The Wind" a complex and intricate plot with intricate character relationships, flattery and deceit from the crowd, and the heroes of the spy war, fully showcasing the life and death struggles of the spy world during the Kuomintang rule period, and presenting the true "Chinese Infernal Affairs" through overwhelming performances.
On July 29th, as the last toilet was inspected, the comprehensive "health check" of Huawei's Olympic project in the "Bird's Nest" was successfully completed. This is just the first stop of the "Olympic project follow-up activity" launched by Huawei for the first anniversary of the opening of the Olympic Games. Next, Meijiahua Sanitary Ware will also enter more Olympic venues to conduct comprehensive physical examinations and maintenance of all products provided to Olympic projects. It is reported that Meijiahua Sanitary Ware supplies more than 3000 bathroom products for the "Bird's Nest", including squatting pits, toilets, sinks, faucets, and sensors, distributed on the negative first and second floors of the "Bird's Nest" and the athlete rest area, contributing to the successful hosting of the Olympic Games. What is the usage status of these bathroom products after one year of use? Meijiahua Sanitary Ware has decided to launch an Olympic engineering follow-up activity on the first anniversary of the opening of the Olympic Games, conducting a strict physical examination and maintenance of all Olympic engineering products. The "Bird's Nest" is the first stop of this "physical examination" action. It is reported that this is the first home furnishing supplier participating in the construction of the "Bird's Nest" project to proactively propose inspection and maintenance, which has been highly praised by the relevant person in charge of the "Bird's Nest" project.   Jinyu Group Chairman Jiang Weiping stated that he will take the listing as an opportunity to comprehensively enhance the core competitiveness of the Jinyu brand. It is reported that Jinyu Group has successfully issued 1.073 billion H-shares (including over allotment options) globally, with unprecedented enthusiasm for international allotment and Hong Kong public offering subscriptions. The subscription demand for the international allocation portion exceeded 59.7 billion shares, with oversubscription reaching 235 times; The subscription demand for the Hong Kong public offering exceeded 72.3 billion shares, with an oversubscription of 775 times. Due to strong market demand, the H-shares of Jinyu Group were successfully priced at the high-end of HKD 6.38 within the price range of HKD 5.18-6.38, with a total financing amount of HKD 6.846 billion. According to industry insiders, the successful issuance and listing of Jinyu Group fully reflects its strong development potential and enhances its influence in the international capital market.       If more than 10 people shop, they can book a free shuttle bus. If friends and family want to shop together and choose building materials, as long as the number of people is more than 10, they can call the shuttle bus reservation phone of the ten mile river store of the home to enjoy the free delivery service of the store. The free shuttle bus reservation line of the ten mile river store of the home has recently been opened. Free shuttle buses are not a new topic. Home furnishing supermarkets such as Jimei, Chengwai, and Wanjiadeng have been offering free shuttle buses for several years, running through major residential areas in Beijing, making it convenient for consumers to travel freely between the stores and their doorstep. But for the extremely advantageous geographical location of Juran Home, opening a free shuttle bus is a fresh service content. The staff of Juran Home's Shilihe store said that adding a free shuttle bus service is fully considering the traffic situation of Shilihe's characteristic building materials street during the peak period of home decoration shopping and providing consumers with thoughtful home service, making Juran Home's one-stop shopping service content more complete.
It is reported that the autumn exhibition of this year's Beijing Home Expo has the theme of "working together to surpass the trend" and the purpose of "igniting consumer passion and creating brand exhibitions". It has the following main characteristics. Highly favored by exhibitors and consumers, the scale of this year's Home Expo Autumn Exhibition has exceeded that of the Spring Exhibition, with more than 1000 standard booths and an exhibition area of 20000 square meters. After the Spring Exhibition, the Home Expo Autumn Exhibition has once again expanded its exhibition scale.     Therefore, the holding of the Beijing Home Expo can facilitate consumers to compare products, timely understand new products in the industry, and "recharge" for home decoration. At the exhibition, consumers can not only consult and understand the participating brands, but also easily find "allies" to discuss and complete home decoration topics of common concern. At the same time, the Beijing Home Furnishings Expo is a professional exhibition in the home building materials industry, which has attracted many well-known home furnishing brands to join, forming a communication platform to showcase their image, promote products, and find franchisees. The outstanding players in these industries have further enriched and promoted the prosperous development of the home furnishing industry.     Optimize the exhibition structure and make the categories more complete. With the increasing desire of the people for the convenience brought by one-stop shopping, exhibitions that achieve industrial linkage will become the preferred choice for home furnishing industry exhibitions, dealer procurement, and public consumption. The autumn exhibition of the Home Expo will continue to deepen the development and extension of the industrial chain, comprehensively expand the service value chain, and create a brand development market chain. A comprehensive exhibition of essential home decoration products in the fields of flooring, tiles, sanitary ware, doors and windows, cabinets, and other areas, with no need to leave the museum, "making you explore the whole city's home building materials products". Leading companies in industries such as Philinger, Faenza Sanitary Ware, Fudeli Flooring, and Yezhifeng Decoration have made a colorful appearance, and products that meet the needs of general household consumption have also been showcased. The concept of "igniting consumer passion and creating brand exhibitions" at the autumn exhibition of the Home Expo has been consistent. The autumn exhibition of the Home Expo is open to homeowners and serves the people. In order to facilitate the visit of Beijing residents to the autumn exhibition of the Home Expo, according to past practice, the organizing committee has opened free buses from major building materials markets to and from the National Agricultural Exhibition Hall. The organizing committee will also compile and print the "Shopping Taobao Guide" for the Beijing Home Expo, which comprehensively introduces the distribution of home building materials enterprises, building materials market addresses, and other information. Following the principles of simplicity and pragmatism, the ribbon cutting of the opening ceremony will invite ordinary people to join in and enhance their enthusiasm for participation, making it convenient for the people and homeowners. The organizing committee will set up a service desk at the autumn exhibition site of the Home Expo to provide convenience, rights protection, and quality supervision, transforming passive service into active service. The autumn exhibition of the Home Expo is an extension and expansion of the Home Expo brand. The successful use of brand expansion strategies can not only accelerate the introduction of new products into the market, but also further expand the brand influence of the Home Expo, forming a good situation where spring and autumn exhibitions complement each other, spiral up, interact harmoniously, and develop in a positive manner.  
Buying building materials online for decorating a new home is very cheap. Would you choose it? Online shopping has become the first choice for many people's consumption. Buying clothes, shoes, and recharging phone cards can all be achieved through online shopping, but now not only low-priced products, but even higher priced products have started to be purchased online. At present, there is a wave of online shopping for building materials among consumers in Dongguan. From handles, towel racks, wall stickers, and tiles to toilets, bathtubs, sofas, and beds, almost all the building materials and furniture needed can be purchased online. The building materials market first selected samples in Dongguan, although many building materials markets also took the opportunity to promote and attract many customers. But consumers tend to see more and buy less, and some even use the building materials market as a sample room - they choose the suitable building materials in the market, record the model and style of the products, and then go home to search for the same style and model of products online. Generally speaking, building materials are durable goods with relatively high prices. Items such as tiles and lighting fixtures are fragile and not suitable for online shopping. However, many consumers, especially young people who are busy with work, in Dongguan, due to inconvenient transportation, are unwilling to spend more time shopping at building materials stores and prefer to search for the building materials they want online. On the internet, various building materials websites have also emerged, and major forums are filled with posts from netizens about online shopping of building materials, providing convenience for online shopping of building materials. Mr. Shi, who is currently renovating his new home, said that a considerable amount of building materials in his home are purchased online, including hardware such as door locks and pulleys, as well as bathroom products such as showerheads and faucets. At first, when buying building materials, Mr. Shi was interested in a faucet from a certain brand with a price tag of 1100 yuan in the building materials market. After negotiating with the boss, the price was finalized at over 700 yuan. However, Mr. Shi was still unwilling to accept it. Due to his years of online shopping experience, he believed that it would be cheaper online, so he secretly recorded the model. After searching online, he found that some online stores of the same brand of faucet only cost over 500 yuan. Mr. Shi, who tasted the sweetness, purchased most of the building materials for decorating his new house online. Online shopping requires patience. The reporter learned that not only Mr. Shi, but also many people buy building materials online. Almost all the building materials and furniture needed can be purchased online. Mosaic tiles priced at a few yuan each are very common online, and you can find Kohler faucets as low as 20% off. There are also curtains priced at over ten yuan per meter. Such low prices are difficult to find in stores, "said Ms. Zhou, who lives in Nancheng. The biggest advantage of online shopping for building materials is that the prices of goods are relatively low. In today's increasingly popular online shopping, it is natural to purchase building materials online. Xiaofeng and Xiaozhong are a loving couple. In 2009, they had just purchased a property in a real estate development in Wanjiang and were about to embark on a sweet married life. They were struggling with decoration and had to pay for labor and materials. There were too many tricks and the prices were too expensive. They had to buy their own materials and hire someone to do the construction. They were busy with work and couldn't escape. The house has been delivered and the decoration has been put on the agenda. What should we do? Encouraged by their friends, Xiao Feng and Xiao Zhong began planning their own online shopping plan for building materials. Based on the online store information provided by their friends and numerous recommendations from forums, they finally made their first purchase of online building materials - a set of sanitary ware. To their surprise, the installation effect of this set of sanitary ware was very good, which gave them the motivation to continue buying building materials online. Xiao Feng said, "Most of the equipment in my bathroom and kitchen is purchased online, such as the bathtub, toilet, washbasin, cabinet, etc. in the bathroom, totaling more than 7000 yuan. If these items are purchased in a physical store, they will cost at least 12000 yuan." Xiao Feng is quite satisfied with his online shopping. In his opinion, there are many tricks in online shopping for building materials, such as comparing prices and logistics costs to choose items with higher overall cost-effectiveness, while for some items that are more complex to install, he chooses sellers nearby. Lighting can save 40% to 60%. Duanmu Lili is an "80s generation" who opened a lighting store with friends in Fenggang. Due to his love for online shopping, he had the idea of selling lights online after chatting at a friend's gathering. This idea immediately gained the approval of his partners. So selling lights online started like this, thanks to the support of physical stores, even on days when there were not many orders placed online, people wouldn't have to worry about their livelihood. Duanmu said that the cost of running an online store is low, and returning the rent of the physical store to customers through price is his purpose in operating the branch. Due to transportation, stockpiling, storefront rent, warehouse rent, and other factors, the price of a typical lamp from factory wholesale to sales has almost doubled. Even if the cost is well controlled, it is simply impossible to compare with small cost online stores. Generally, buying lights online can save up to 40% to 60%. Although there is still a gap between him and his e-commerce dream, Duanmu is working hard to get closer to his goal. Not only does he have his own website, but he also offers special services such as installation and maintenance. He tries his best to solve many problems that arise from online shopping. In addition to these, he also rents a car on weekends and provides free transportation for customers who place orders online and want to see the actual product. However, even so, some consumers still have lingering fears about buying lights online. Xiaosun has been moving for 3 months now. When friends come to visit his house, he is always happy to recommend his lights because they are cheap. He said, "All the lights in my house cost only over 1000 yuan. If I buy them from a lighting store, the price would at least double." When it comes to the problems encountered during the process of buying lights, Xiao Sun said that installation is the biggest issue. Many lights have special functions, but the water and electricity technicians responsible for decoration may not know, resulting in unsatisfactory installation results. However, Xiao Sun said that with the popularity of online shopping, corresponding service packages are believed to keep up.
Red Star charter flight procurement registration is booming, with thousands of citizens calling to inquire about the "Red Star Macalline 'Red Star Club' charter flight factory on-site procurement team - Red Star Macalline charter flight to factory, famous products direct sales" large-scale group remote procurement activity launched simultaneously in Beijing, Shanghai, and Chongqing. Once the news of registration was released, it attracted high attention from industry insiders and consumers. As one of the three major registration points in China, Beijing Red Star Macalline's consultation hotline 87756666 immediately attracted enthusiastic calls, and the level of registration enthusiasm was unprecedented. It is reported that as of this week, over a thousand consumers have called to inquire, and more than half of the originally scheduled 200 "charter flight procurement" slots have been reserved in less than a week. The "charter flight procurement" has sparked heated discussions, and industry experts have praised Red Star Macalline as a leader in the home furnishing industry. Not only has it demonstrated superior strength, but it has also always been at the forefront of the industry in terms of innovative activities and unique brand promotion. This "charter flight procurement" activity is another industry pioneer, integrating first-line brand resources as a home furnishing store for the first time and organizing large-scale cross regional group purchases. Such a large-scale event is the first of its kind in the industry. Once the news was announced, it attracted high attention and widespread praise from industry insiders. Some industry experts said that there are many types of products in the home furnishing industry, but the quality is uneven, and consumers are easily trapped in consumer misconceptions during the purchasing process. The remote procurement method of Red Star Macalline organizes consumers to visit factories, allowing them to have a more intuitive and in-depth understanding of the products they purchase. The entire process from production, processing to finished products is very clear, and it also effectively guides consumers on how to distinguish the quality of furniture and building materials, thereby reducing consumption misunderstandings. Some experts also say that as home products become increasingly homogenized, the overall service level and innovative marketing models of shopping malls have become the core competitiveness of home furnishing stores. There have been marketing cases of single brand "charter flight" and "train package" group buying before, but the large-scale "charter flight procurement" led by the mall and cooperated by multiple first-line brands is the first in the industry. This time, it was launched simultaneously in three major cities: Beijing, Chongqing, and Shanghai. Its large scale and wide brand coverage have historical significance for the entire industry, expanding the marketing methods and activity forms of the home furnishing industry. The consultation hotline is experiencing sustained high temperatures, and consumer registration is booming. Since September 3rd, the mall has received over 1000 inquiries from customers, which greatly exceeds the mall's expectations. The level of registration is unprecedented. Consumers who came for consultation and registration have a strong interest in this "charter flight procurement" activity. One of the customers said, "The Red Star Macalline is a very good form of activity. Charter flight procurement not only allows us to buy high-quality and cost-effective products, but also allows us to travel for free. It's really a win-win situation.     Merchants who came to register for the event have expressed that in recent years, the homogenization of products in the home furnishing industry has become increasingly serious. From the appearance of products alone, ordinary consumers find it difficult to distinguish the quality of products. Many merchants also compete and spend a lot of time advertising and promoting their products in order to promote them as comprehensively as possible and establish a brand image. But for increasingly rational consumers, such descriptions and promotions are always hollow, and the impression they leave on them is naturally not profound. The "charter flight procurement" activity organized by Red Star Macalline has solved the problems that have troubled various businesses. Red Star Macalline directly led consumers into the factory, visited the production lines and exhibition halls of various brand merchants, and gained a more comprehensive understanding of the product manufacturing process in the most intuitive way. At the same time, they also had a deeper understanding of the brand's corporate culture and employee team spirit. At the same time, after consumers understand the rigorous and meticulous production processes of various brands of furniture and building materials, a good reputation effect will naturally be formed for the product. For businesses, this is also the most ideal way to promote the brand. After layers of screening by Red Star Macalline, the first six home furnishing brands to break through include Yaobang Furniture, Wrigley, LD Rodin, Jinfuya, Bailan Mattress, and Lens Shower Room. The "Luban Club" has created an expert team, and 200 Beijing citizens will experience the first round of this "charter flight procurement" activity. It is not a simple group buying activity, but will launch the first large-scale action after the establishment of the Red Star Macalline "Luban Club". At that time, a team of experts composed of product experts from six major building materials and furniture brand factories will provide the highest quality service and the most professional home products and home decoration knowledge consultation for the first 200 Beijing citizens participating in the event. The "Lu Ban Hui" launched by Red Star Macalline is a team of six experts, including product experts, design experts, cultural experts, environmental experts, home experts, and service experts, who provide professional home services to consumers. The first round of this event will be answered by two of these six experts, product experts and design experts. They will accompany consumers throughout the entire process of visiting factories, exhibition halls, and selecting products, and provide professional analysis and easy to understand explanations for the questions raised by consumers when choosing home products. Under the full guidance of a professional home consultant, are you still worried about not being able to buy high-quality and affordable products? The registration for the event continues to be hot, and we must seize the remaining 100 spots as soon as possible. The registration requirements are: to purchase property in Beijing with a building area of 100 square meters? Owners with decoration needs and plans for purchasing building materials and furniture, including those above, are limited to the top 200 (currently more than half of the applicants have already registered). Registration method: From September 3rd to October 8th, please register at the Red Star Macalline Beijing Fourth Store Service Desk with your ID card, 2008-2009 purchase contract or copy, and floor plan. Fill out the registration form, and after confirmation by Red Star Macalline, pay a certain amount of earnest money. The earnest money is non refundable but can be used to offset the purchase price, and the registration is considered successful. Procurement precautions: 1. Participation in travel shopping activities is limited to individuals aged 18-60 who are in good health. Elderly and minors must be accompanied by family members, and the accompanying personnel must bear their own expenses; 2. Customers participating in travel shopping activities must follow the unified arrangements of Red Star Macalline and are not allowed to leave without authorization. In case of emergency, the earnest money will not be refunded; 3. The factory purchases goods and does not accept returns unless there are quality issues. All after-sales service is handled by the Beijing Red Star Macalline store of the brand; 4. Force majeure factors such as traffic and safety accidents during travel are not related to Red Star Macalline. Please purchase corresponding insurance; 5. Red Star Macalline is only responsible for airfare, accommodation, lunch, dinner, and ground bus expenses during departure from Beijing, and other expenses shall be borne by oneself.
Iris Fan Shanshan, an Italian original host born in the 1980s: With our continuous development and improvement, our consumer group is also gradually growing. Nowadays, the group of people born in the 1980s are also targeting our market. They not only demand beautiful furniture, but also have a strong sense of practicality. How can we achieve a balance between aesthetics and material selection? Fan Shanshan: The post-80s generation is now the main consumer group, and we are also studying their preferences, lifestyles, and ways of making friends. When we are developing, we always think about whether they prefer small living rooms, large bedrooms, or large living rooms and small bedrooms. We have found that the '80s generation' have a wider social circle than us and are relatively more self-centered. Of course, the '80s generation' is also one of the main research directions of our Aiyiruis. Now our product line, because our product slogan is like this, 'Experience Italian original design, enjoy world home life'. What we advocate is a high-quality lifestyle. From its product positioning, design, to quality, it belongs to the category of mass lovers. It is not very personalized in design, but we also launch some personalized products every spring and autumn. But most products still have a feeling of both fashion and beauty. Host: Because there is a set of data this year, which shows that the number of couples born in the 1980s who got married has reached 19000. However, many of the houses bought by the 1980s are small-sized, so it is difficult to choose when buying a sofa. Fan Shanshan: Yes, including the products we launched in March this year, they are all designed for small apartments with bright colors. This part of the product has lowered the age range a bit. We are already professionals in software and sofa design, and we should have a thorough understanding of this area. What kind of design does the post-80s generation like? Our product developed this year has been very successful. Host: I believe that the consumer group born in the 1980s will bring us better profits in the future. These days, everyone is talking about crisis, but Aiyiruis always believes in one sentence: 'Only off-season thinking, no off-season market'. How do you understand this? Fan Shanshan: I would like to add that I also hope everyone can give us more feedback and leave us more messages online. With your needs, we will do better. Host: Let's talk about the economic crisis again. Fan Shanshan: The reason why Iris has such a fast development speed over the years also depends on the overall development of the nation. We are like hitchhiking a ride. This crisis depends on how you understand it. Since October last year, it has indeed caused great panic in the stock and real estate markets. At that time, there was a major financial crisis, and everyone was a bit at a loss and afraid to spend money because of the noise. Later, through macroeconomic regulation by the government, its policies in this area were still very timely. A decades old enterprise cannot be said to have failed just because of a financial crisis. But as a development model in China, because houses, furniture, and cars are all rigid demands, there was still demand at that time. At the same time, the government has also given everyone some confidence. I think at that time, we should first cultivate our internal skills and not blindly expand. At that time, we should stop and see where we are lacking and where we need to improve. At that time, we were still doing relatively well. Host: We have seized the opportunity for debugging. Fan Shanshan: Yes. At that time, our hearts also sank. However, for some small businesses, their relative risk resistance is still relatively weak. Aiyiruis is an integrated enterprise of production, supply and marketing, because in Beijing, our market space is still very large, and there are our Aiyiruis specialty stores in mainstream markets. Firstly, our market foundation is particularly solid. Secondly, there are many fixed consumer groups that form a good network connection. During the economic crisis, our company did not appear so bad. In times of economic crisis, everyone worked together to win this battle. Here, I would like to thank some of the CEOs of Furniture City for their great help. Host: Indeed, during the economic crisis, these store executives gave us great discounts. Fan Shanshan: Yes, our partners are still very concerned about us. Host: After 2009, we have experienced the "Big Yangchun" and "Small Yangchun" of real estate, which will definitely bring us a lot of income compared to 2008. Now we are about to reach the "Golden September and Silver October" shopping festival. What advice do you have for friends who are about to enter the hypermarket? Fan Shanshan: Indeed, this year's National Day and Mid Autumn Festival holiday is an eight day long holiday. In the past, it was seven days, which is certainly a great opportunity for us. I think many businesses will offer big discounts, and we will definitely do a lot of work during these eight days. Firstly, we will have certain advantages. We will offer some supporting services and discounts, but not particularly large ones, as this is not realistic as our company's product pricing is relatively stable. This will be a good explanation for both manufacturers and the general public.
A guide to home decoration in winter, choosing the right materials is the best strategy. Modern urban life is busy and tense, and a warm home can bring everyone the most relaxing leisure time. But how can we make our home warm and comfortable? As long as you master some small skills, you can easily create a pleasant home. The Life Home editor has prepared a series of fashion information for you, from house decoration to home decoration, to help you have a relaxed and comfortable life. During this season of decoration, deformation and cracking due to dry weather are the most taboo. Is there any other way to change this situation besides strict construction requirements? Of course, by cleverly choosing building materials suitable for winter decoration, your home can still remain unchanged. In addition to environmental protection, the flooring selected for winter decoration in the north should also pay attention to its waterproof performance. Because in winter in the north, water pipes are prone to freezing cracks and heating leaks, and dry floors are prone to deformation, warping, and cracking after splashing water. And now there are some wooden flooring products on the market that apply the method of processing wooden materials for moisture and waterproofing to the production and processing of the substrate, greatly improving the waterproof performance of the flooring substrate. In addition, there is a type of wooden floor that uses the "four sided glazing" technology. After multiple processes, each floor will form a protective film on the surface and sides similar to the outer coating of pottery products, making its waterproof performance much higher than that of general reinforced wooden floors. Moreover, the sides of the floor joint have undergone waterproof treatment, making the wooden floor a comprehensive waterproof product. Professional experiments have shown that the floor manufactured by this technology does not expand or deform after soaking in water for 24 hours, effectively avoiding floor damage problems such as freezing and cracking of water pipes and water leakage from heating systems in winter in northern China. The traditional method of laying solid wood flooring often uses the wooden dragon bone method, which requires the floor to be fixed to the keel with screws. After laying the floor using this method, the floor is relatively stable, but it is difficult to construct in winter, and later maintenance is a major problem. Nowadays, many manufacturers have adopted the track paving method, which greatly accelerates the construction speed. At the same time, there are a small number of gaps between the floors to prevent them from cracking. Solid wood flooring can finally easily enter winter decoration. Solid wood doors are noble and beautiful, but their tendency to deform is a fatal flaw. Especially in winter decoration, choosing solid wood doors is really risky, so it may be worth testing doors made of other materials. Solid wood composite doors not only maintain the many advantages of natural solid wood, but also avoid the defects of easy deformation and cracking of solid wood. Another new material for doors is also very suitable for winter construction, which is wear-resistant panels. Wear resistant boards have various properties such as good hardness, wear resistance, and moisture resistance, so they will never deform or crack. At the same time, their colors are extremely rich, and they can naturally preserve the color, texture, and even luster of solid wood. In winter, they are a cost-effective product for purchasing doors. They are cheaper than solid wood doors and will not crack or deform. While choosing the right door, accessories are equally important. For example, high-strength sealing strips do not react with paint, ensuring smooth contact with the paint surface and excellent moisture resistance. In addition, whether the door is environmentally friendly and moisture-proof, the use of glue is also crucial. It is recommended to ask the salesperson about the brand and specifications of the glue when purchasing wooden doors. Paint is an essential building material in decoration, but during winter decoration, there are high requirements for paint and construction conditions and methods. Many times, due to negligence in a certain link, cracking may occur. In fact, simply changing the wall material can effectively prevent cracking. For example, choosing wallpaper is a very simple material for construction. As long as you pay attention to the construction of the joints, you can completely enjoy a clean and flat wall surface. At present, there are many types of wallpapers and wall coverings on the market, with prices varying greatly. The cheapest one is only a few tens of yuan per square meter, which is enough to meet the needs of ordinary consumers. In winter decoration, the most prone areas to problems are the floor, walls, and doors. After a heating season, these areas will experience various problems. The materials introduced above can effectively prevent cracking and deformation in winter decoration. In addition, when selecting substrates, it is best to choose antifreeze cement, antifreeze tiles, etc., which will greatly help your winter home decoration.
Counterfeit products are rampant in the paint market, and illegal vendors are making astonishing profits. With the rapid development of technology, various industries are also developing. However, it cannot be ruled out that some illegal vendors may falsify products in order to obtain the most benefits at the lowest cost. So now, counterfeit goods are rampant in the market, with counterfeiters illegally profiting millions of yuan from fake paint, spread throughout major building materials markets. Aren't you an oil worker? My house is still painted with oil by you! "On October 7th, facing the police officers who arrested him, a man awkwardly nodded. Previously, the man's identity was an oil worker, but now he has become a suspect in manufacturing fake branded paint. In less than a year, he produced thousands of barrels of "branded" paint and sold them all to major decorative material markets in Shenyang.   After receiving the report, police officers from the Sixth Squadron of the Patrol Brigade intervened in the investigation. The small bungalow is located near Dongling Road in Dongling District. The tenants are a Henan couple who have two cars, one is a sedan used by the owner to contact the business, and the other is a mini van used for delivery. The police tracked for a week and finally identified the "next home" of the fake paint in the decoration material markets such as Beisi Road, Dongmao Warehouse, and Beixing. After investigation, it was found that this fake den has fixed customers in the decoration materials market, with an average of seven or eight customers in each market, totaling more than 20. On October 7th, the police decided to close the network. On the noon of the same day, the small bungalow was bustling with activity, with the roaring mixer constantly rotating, and hundreds of paint buckets bearing the logos of famous brands in the market. Everyone, hurry up! We have a large shipment today, don't delay. "Just as the boss was shouting, five police officers rushed in. The boss's wife, two laborers, and a driver were all under control. The mixer, capping machine, and a large amount of latex paint and paint materials were seized. After investigation, Mr. and Mrs. Li, the boss, rented a residential house on Dongling Road in Dongling District as their factory building from the beginning of the year until the incident occurred. They illegally produced and sold nearly 2000 barrels of counterfeit well-known brand paint and coatings, earning millions of yuan in profits. A dramatic scene occurred while impersonating an agent to attack the market during the arrest. A police officer pointed at the boss, Mr. Li, and asked, "Aren't you an oil worker? Why did you start the fake paint business?" Mr. Li asked, "How did you know I was an oil worker?" The police officer smiled and said, "My house was painted with oil by you!" Mr. Li looked carefully at the police officer and nodded awkwardly. Originally, Li and his wife were both Henan oil workers who had been working in Shenyang for 20 years. Li is very familiar with this industry and has mastered the craft of manufacturing paint. He rented a small bungalow and bought equipment such as mixers, capping machines, and filling tanks. He also hired a few small workers and quietly started working. Subsequently, Li purchased branded paint buckets and trademarks from the south, and thus, buckets of "branded" paint and coatings were launched. In order to enter the major decorative material markets in Shenyang, Li claimed to be an agent of a large manufacturer, visited market vendors, and established fixed relationships with more than 20 vendors at a price 20 to 30 yuan per barrel lower than the market price. The counterfeit branded paints and coatings he produced successfully entered the decorative material market. At present, Li and his wife have been criminally detained by the police, and other suspects involved are still under investigation. In recent years, the illegal and criminal activities of producing and selling counterfeit branded paint have become increasingly rampant due to excessive formaldehyde content in fake paint, and incidents of formaldehyde poisoning have occurred from time to time. The police remind citizens to purchase paint and coatings at regular specialty stores as much as possible, check the anti-counterfeiting code, and at the same time, dispose of used paint buckets to avoid being used for fraud by greedy painters. In order to safeguard our legitimate consumer rights and interests, we should severely crack down on the fraudulent behavior of illegal vendors and also regulate the market to a certain extent. With the rapid development of technology, various industries are also developing, but it cannot be ruled out that some illegal vendors may falsify their products in order to obtain the most benefits at the lowest cost. So now, counterfeit goods are rampant in the market, with counterfeiters illegally profiting millions of yuan from fake paint, spread throughout major building materials markets. Aren't you an oil worker? My house is still painted with oil by you! "On October 7th, facing the police officers who arrested him, a man awkwardly nodded. Previously, the man's identity was an oil worker, but now he has become a suspect in manufacturing fake branded paint. In less than a year, he produced thousands of barrels of "branded" paint and sold them all to major decorative material markets in Shenyang.   After receiving the report, police officers from the Sixth Squadron of the Patrol Brigade intervened in the investigation. The small bungalow is located near Dongling Road in Dongling District. The tenants are a Henan couple who have two cars, one is a sedan used by the owner to contact the business, and the other is a mini van used for delivery. The police tracked for a week and finally identified the "next home" of the fake paint in the decoration material markets such as Beisi Road, Dongmao Warehouse, and Beixing. After investigation, it was found that this fake den has fixed customers in the decoration materials market, with an average of seven or eight customers in each market, totaling more than 20. On October 7th, the police decided to close the network. On the noon of the same day, the small bungalow was bustling with activity, with the roaring mixer constantly rotating, and hundreds of paint buckets bearing the logos of famous brands in the market. Everyone, hurry up! We have a large shipment today, don't delay. "Just as the boss was shouting, five police officers rushed in. The boss's wife, two laborers, and a driver were all under control. The mixer, capping machine, and a large amount of latex paint and paint materials were seized. After investigation, Mr. and Mrs. Li, the boss, rented a residential house on Dongling Road in Dongling District as their factory building from the beginning of the year until the incident occurred. They illegally produced and sold nearly 2000 barrels of counterfeit well-known brand paint and coatings, earning millions of yuan in profits. A dramatic scene occurred while impersonating an agent to attack the market during the arrest. A police officer pointed at the boss, Mr. Li, and asked, "Aren't you an oil worker? Why did you start the fake paint business?" Mr. Li asked, "How did you know I was an oil worker?" The police officer smiled and said, "My house was painted with oil by you!" Mr. Li looked carefully at the police officer and nodded awkwardly. Originally, Li and his wife were both Henan oil workers who had been working in Shenyang for 20 years. Li is very familiar with this industry and has mastered the craft of manufacturing paint. He rented a small bungalow and bought equipment such as mixers, capping machines, and filling tanks. He also hired a few small workers and quietly started working. Subsequently, Li purchased branded paint buckets and trademarks from the south, and thus, buckets of "branded" paint and coatings were launched. In order to enter the major decorative material markets in Shenyang, Li claimed to be an agent of a large manufacturer, visited market vendors, and established fixed relationships with more than 20 vendors at a price 20 to 30 yuan per barrel lower than the market price. The counterfeit branded paints and coatings he produced successfully entered the decorative material market. At present, Li and his wife have been criminally detained by the police, and other suspects involved are still under investigation. In recent years, the illegal and criminal activities of producing and selling counterfeit branded paint have become increasingly rampant due to excessive formaldehyde content in fake paint, and incidents of formaldehyde poisoning have occurred from time to time. The police remind citizens to purchase paint and coatings at regular specialty stores as much as possible, check the anti-counterfeiting code, and at the same time, dispose of used paint buckets to avoid being used for fraud by greedy painters. In order to safeguard our legitimate consumer rights and interests, we should severely crack down on the fraudulent behavior of illegal vendors and also regulate the market to a certain extent.
A lecture on eliminating home hygiene hazards was held. (Reporter Zhu Bin, Correspondent Guan Qian) Yesterday morning, experts from the Chinese Preventive Medicine Association and the Shanghai Patriotic Health Campaign Committee came to the Horticultural New Village Community in Minhang District to hold a science popularization lecture on "Eliminating Home Hygiene Hazards, Smart Housewives Get Moving" for residents, aiming to call on community residents to pay attention to "new home hygiene hazards", enhance their awareness of home health, and be welcomed by community residents.
In terms of environmental quality and price during decoration, homeowners are most concerned about. Host: What are the issues that everyone is most concerned about? Wang Hua: There are many factors such as environmental protection, pricing, and decoration quality. Host: Jin Ming, when were you renovating? Jin Ming: About a year ago. Host: Were there few reference materials available online at that time? Jin Ming: Very few, all you can find online are some computer renderings. Because sometimes after the renovation, I wonder what my home really looks like. I completely agree with what Mr. Zhang just said, because everyone hopes their home has a warm environment, and no one wants their home to have a very unpleasant smell of chemical raw materials after decoration. So everyone's expectations are understandable. If I had seen this at that time, my family wouldn't have opened and discussed it so many times. Host: Who do you listen to when discussing home decoration? Jin Ming: I didn't listen to anyone, but everyone has their own opinions and ideas, and whoever's room is responsible. Host: So is your overall style a mix and match? Jin Ming: The overall style of my home is not a mix and match, because in recent years, it has been popular to "light decoration, heavy decoration", such as a large ceiling. I hope it can decorate the home warmly through decorations or furniture with some decorative tools. Host: If you were to renovate it again, what aspects would you see? Jin Ming: Firstly, this company has good qualifications. Secondly, it is environmentally friendly materials. Additionally, the home needs ventilation. Host: It seems that Jin Ming did not pay attention to the issue of price? Since I have reached this range, if I can float, what is the difference in my float. Afterwards, you can go pick the good things. Host: I think Jin Ming is a very easy person to talk to. If you have ordered something here and it's almost done, then that's enough. Let's ask Yang Xi, what are the main factors that netizens value when choosing a home decoration company? Yang Xi: I think green environmental protection is the most important consideration now. Netizens hope that they won't get sick after living in their homes. Firstly, they will consider whether this decoration company will make them feel at ease. Because only by reassuring everyone can there be environmental and service quality issues in the future. Below is the comprehensive cost-effectiveness as mentioned by Jin Ming. Host: Both of these opinions suggest finding a company that relies on simplicity first, and then deciding on the design after finding this company. Jin Ming: Yes, for example, if you find a good decoration company, you can discuss with them. For example, I think I can accept decoration within 50000 yuan. In this way, he will give you the best based on price considerations. Zhang Jun: There are different sizes of decoration, and a small area does not necessarily mean less decoration. This depends on the situation of the customer group. As for the number of small orders, we currently do not have a design threshold.
Decoration guide, floor construction should pay attention to the elements. Nowadays, many households use floor as the main flooring material. However, many residents have reported that even if they choose high-quality and well-known brand flooring, the floor cannot achieve a durable level. Little do they know, this is related to the installation technology of the floor. As an expert in this field, Wang Zhenggeng, the general manager of Beijing Omigate Decoration Materials Company, introduced the details of floor installation. Firstly, before laying the floor, the ground must have a flat and dry foundation. Secondly, the installation of the floor should follow the following technical principles: firstly, a gap of 15 millimeters should be left between the door and the ground. Geothermal users should confirm the reliability of the system and it is recommended that the surface temperature should not exceed 27 degrees Celsius; Secondly, the paving personnel should adjust the orientation of the floor to extend from the door into the room. The maximum span of the floor is 6 meters by 8 meters. If it exceeds this limit, a contraction joint must be left and buckle strips must be used; Thirdly, the expansion joints reserved at the base of the wall, the interface of the door trim, etc. should be greater than 8 millimeters; Whether the joint is continuous and uniform, and whether the residual glue is cleaned up in a timely manner; Considering factors such as moisture resistance, deformation resistance, and ease of cleaning, it is recommended to use floor adhesive when laying flooring, even for locking flooring; Fourthly, the skirting board must be 12 millimeters thick, otherwise it will be difficult to cover up the shrinkage joint and deformation may occur; Fifth, the aluminum film covering the floor mat used for moisture prevention should ensure quality. High quality aluminum film is not easy to tear by hand, while low-quality aluminum film is easy to break by hand rubbing; Sixth, the thickness of the aluminum alloy pressure strip should be ensured to be at least 2 millimeters. Being too thin can easily cause warping and deformation. Finally, there is the issue of floor maintenance. It is best to perform floor maintenance once a month to extend the service life of the floor, improve brightness, facilitate cleaning, and prevent moisture in the air from penetrating into the substrate, thereby causing floor deformation. Nowadays, many households use flooring as the main flooring material, but many residents have reported that even if they choose high-quality flooring with high brand awareness, the flooring cannot achieve a durable level. Little do they know, this is related to the installation technology of the floor. As an expert in this field, Wang Zhenggeng, the general manager of Beijing Omigate Decoration Materials Company, introduced the details of floor installation. Firstly, before laying the floor, the ground must have a flat and dry foundation. Secondly, the installation of the floor should follow the following technical principles: firstly, a gap of 15 millimeters should be left between the door and the ground. Geothermal users should confirm the reliability of the system and it is recommended that the surface temperature should not exceed 27 degrees Celsius; Secondly, the paving personnel should adjust the orientation of the floor to extend from the door into the room. The maximum span of the floor is 6 meters by 8 meters. If it exceeds this limit, a contraction joint must be left and buckle strips must be used; Thirdly, the expansion joints reserved at the base of the wall, the interface of the door trim, etc. should be greater than 8 millimeters; Whether the joint is continuous and uniform, and whether the residual glue is cleaned up in a timely manner; Considering factors such as moisture resistance, deformation resistance, and ease of cleaning, it is recommended to use floor adhesive when laying flooring, even for locking flooring; Fourthly, the skirting board must be 12 millimeters thick, otherwise it will be difficult to cover up the shrinkage joint and deformation may occur; Fifth, the aluminum film covering the floor mat used for moisture prevention should ensure quality. High quality aluminum film is not easy to tear by hand, while low-quality aluminum film is easy to break by hand rubbing; Sixth, the thickness of the aluminum alloy pressure strip should be ensured to be at least 2 millimeters. Being too thin can easily cause warping and deformation. Finally, there is the issue of floor maintenance. It is best to perform floor maintenance once a month to extend the service life of the floor, improve brightness, facilitate cleaning, and prevent moisture in the air from penetrating into the substrate, thereby causing floor deformation.
The swine flu is here, are you ready for antibacterial disinfection? Fansha has prepared multiple copper faucets and antibacterial sanitary ware for the May Day holiday promotion, which will keep you prepared. According to reports, the World Health Organization recently stated that the outbreak of swine flu at the end of April may cause a global influenza pandemic. The State Council of China issued a notice on the 27th requiring all health departments to closely monitor and actively defend. As a leading brand in the home decoration and building materials industry, Faenza Ceramic Self Cleaning Glaze enables sanitary ware to achieve cleanliness and self love. Faenza reminds you that regularly maintaining the cleanliness of kitchen and bathroom spaces and using high-quality faucets to wash hands are important steps in preventing diseases. However, we may find that some buckets, basins, and mop pads used for cleaning are prone to getting dirty due to their own craftsmanship and material problems. They are also exposed to moisture and pollution for a long time, providing a living environment for bacteria, causing diarrhea, various infectious diseases, and skin diseases. Now you have a better choice. As early as 2002, Faenza bathroom fully adopted self-developed high-temperature self-cleaning glaze, standing at the forefront of the industry. The glaze is smooth and delicate, with a Mohs hardness of 7 or above, easy to clean, not easy to stain, and has antibacterial and disinfectant effects over time. During the May Day holiday, Faenza Sanitary Ware has over 1200 specialty stores nationwide offering great value discounts on all products, with constant surprises and luck! Multiple explosive priced products for you to choose from. Faenza copper faucets, hardware pendants, and water fittings will provide you with the most economical and reliable health assurance. Research has shown that E. coli, which causes diseases, can be killed within hours of contact with copper surfaces. Experts in charge of health and environmental research at the International Copper Association say that these findings are exciting because they mean that a convenient and effective way can be used to suppress the occurrence of such food and water borne diseases, and thousands of bacterial gastrointestinal diseases and their resulting deaths can be avoided. The study also found that increasing the use of copper faucets and pipes in households and public buildings can help reduce the spread of sudden aquatic pathogens such as Mycobacterium tuberculosis and Helicobacter pylori. Faenza hardware accessories and faucets are 100% made of pure copper, which is pure and free of impurities, pores, and natural beauty. The sterilization effect is better. During the May Day holiday, those who consume a certain amount in the Fansha specialty store have the opportunity to receive free gifts of hardware accessories and faucets.
Arrow teaches you how to choose a toilet. When choosing a toilet, pay attention to the following details. Is there any cracking. Gently tap the edge of the porcelain piece with a thin rod and listen for a crisp sound. If there is a hoarse sound, it indicates that the porcelain piece has cracks. 2 deformation sizes. Place the porcelain piece on a flat platform and check whether it is smooth and symmetrical in all directions, whether the installation surface and the edges of the porcelain piece surface are flat and straight, and whether the installation holes are uniform and smooth. 3. Glazed surface quality. The glaze surface must be delicate and smooth, with uniform and consistent glaze color. Drip a few drops of colored liquid onto the glaze surface, and after a few seconds, dry it with a damp cloth. It is best if the glaze surface is free of dirty spots. Pay attention to the appearance. Split toilets generally have a small volume and are suitable for bathrooms with small spaces; The one-piece toilet has smooth lines and innovative design, with a wide range of styles to choose from. Moreover, the return bend at the bottom of the toilet has been sealed, providing convenience for future toilet cleaning;   Pay attention to the interior. In order to save costs, many toilet manufacturers are making efforts inside the toilet. Some return bends do not have glazed surfaces, while others use gaskets with low elasticity and poor sealing performance. This type of toilet is prone to scaling and blockage, as well as water leakage. Therefore, when purchasing, you should reach into the dirty mouth of the toilet and touch whether it is smooth inside. Smooth ones have glazed surfaces, while rough ones do not have glazed surfaces. The sealing gasket should be made of rubber or foam plastic, with high elasticity and good sealing performance. 6. Pay attention to after-sales service.   Buyers can enjoy free installation, 3 to 5 years of warranty service, and the manufacturer is responsible for free repair and replacement. Even if the warranty period has expired, replacement parts will only be charged at cost. However, some small-scale retailers may promise warranty but cannot provide after-sales service phone numbers. Therefore, consumers should carefully implement warranty and installation services when purchasing to avoid inconvenience and disputes in the future
Wang: Is reform and innovation also a representative of a new trend of thought? When I first arrived, Editor Yang asked me some questions about Vanke. Actually, I have only been at Vanke for three weeks and I feel ashamed.   On the other hand, during this decade of wandering outside, I had four or five opportunities to come back every year, so I viewed this city in the form of a visitor or visitor. So these two complexes are quite contradictory in my mind. I think when it comes to the concept of a resurgence, the previous guests have also interpreted it. From the perspective of a city's residents or planners, I would rather say it is a continuity rather than a resurgence. I think this is a phenomenon that a planner or a resident wants to see. I would like to give an example. I really like the road on Gulou East Street. Originally, it was a residential road, but later it developed into a commercial one. You can see that commercial and residential people coexist harmoniously on this street, and the scale of the street is also very pleasant. Therefore, I use this example to express my continuity, that is, the transformation it has undergone in the container of this street from its original way of life to the present, to the present. I think these things are something that as a resident, I feel particularly deeply because I don't want my doorstep to change every time I come home. It just feels abrupt, so I feel that this feeling is compared with mine in Gulou. The feeling of Lou Dong Street is completely different. In addition, I would like to talk about the resurgence or urban construction. I think it is not restricted to form. I always think that residents can see these things, such as Xintiandi in Shanghai. This is a topic that many people talk about. Xintiandi is a kind of resurgence, which means that it revives the original buildings in the lanes and gives them new meanings after the buildings are restored. And it also gives new meaning to the form of planning. Because of the surrounding hotels and office buildings, I think Xintiandi is a way to reuse the original form. I think this is a trend or revival that is relatively easy for everyone to understand. But I think, actually, the first time I went to the newly built commercial area in Sanlitun a few days ago, I think it was actually a kind of revival. I think when I walked there, it wasn't like the big box commercial area like the Oriental Plaza or the China International Trade Center, where everyone was packed inside. It made a relatively small volume, and people walked through the streets. Although we saw that Sanlitun's form was modern, it was a bit dazzling, but I felt that walking into a small alley made me return to the feeling of my childhood. This is actually a way of thinking and exploring the small-scale of the original city. So I think there have been quite significant changes in Beijing. Everyone's ideas, I think now are some good ideas, but I have found that every industry has a different attitude towards the development of their own industry. I find it interesting this time because there are different professionals coming, and I would like to hear about it. For example, how do Yan Ling or Teacher Chu view the trend of rejuvenation based on their majors? Duan Yanling: I think as media professionals, although we are relatively small voices, we have always hoped to have a sociological perspective on design and a humanistic perspective on media. I think this kind of voice may be relatively fresh at present, not for the sake of novelty, but I think it is more sincere. Therefore, I also hope that the audience can hear that this is also a kind of revival. In fact, the power of the media itself should be twofold. Firstly, it is a means of dissemination. Secondly, I want to talk about matchmakers, who interpret both sides' voices to make everyone understand. As Mr. Gong said, the environment, ideas, new projects, and overall situation that ordinary people come into contact with can get some information. I think this is a bit of responsibility from the media. Mr. Gong is right, that is to say, many communities should not only pay attention to the home environment, but also to the community environment.   If we can say that the Chinese people used to communicate in a peaceful and friendly way, we would like to see such a resurgence. Let's return to the discussion of hardware. Let's hear the opinion of Manager Vanke Wang from your perspective. The king? When I first arrived, Editor Yang asked me some questions about Vanke. Actually, I have only been at Vanke for three weeks and I feel ashamed.   On the other hand, during this decade of wandering outside, I had four or five opportunities to come back every year, so I viewed this city in the form of a visitor or visitor. So these two complexes are quite contradictory in my mind. I think when it comes to the concept of a resurgence, the previous guests have also interpreted it. From the perspective of a city's residents or planners, I would rather say it is a continuity rather than a resurgence. I think this is a phenomenon that a planner or a resident wants to see. I would like to give an example. I really like the road on Gulou East Street. Originally, it was a residential road, but later it developed into a commercial one. You can see that commercial and residential people coexist harmoniously on this street, and the scale of the street is also very pleasant. Therefore, I use this example to express my continuity, that is, the transformation it has undergone in the container of this street from its original way of life to the present, to the present. I think these things are something that as a resident, I feel particularly deeply because I don't want my doorstep to change every time I come home. It just feels abrupt, so I feel that this feeling is compared with mine in Gulou. The feeling of Lou Dong Street is completely different. In addition, I would like to talk about the resurgence or urban construction. I think it is not restricted to form. I always think that residents can see these things, such as Xintiandi in Shanghai. This is a topic that many people talk about. Xintiandi is a kind of resurgence, which means that it revives the original buildings in the lanes and gives them new meanings after the buildings are restored. And it also gives new meaning to the form of planning. Because of the surrounding hotels and office buildings, I think Xintiandi is a way to reuse the original form. I think this is a trend or revival that is relatively easy for everyone to understand. But I think, actually, the first time I went to the newly built commercial area in Sanlitun a few days ago, I think it was actually a kind of revival. I think when I walked there, it wasn't like the big box commercial area like the Oriental Plaza or the China International Trade Center, where everyone was packed inside. It made a relatively small volume, and people walked through the streets. Although we saw that Sanlitun's form was modern, it was a bit dazzling, but I felt that walking into a small alley made me return to the feeling of my childhood. This is actually a way of thinking and exploring the small-scale of the original city. So I think there have been quite significant changes in Beijing. Everyone's ideas, I think now are some good ideas, but I have found that every industry has a different attitude towards the development of their own industry. I find it interesting this time because there are different professionals coming, and I would like to hear about it. For example, how do Yan Ling or Teacher Chu view the trend of rejuvenation based on their majors?
New trend in eco-friendly furniture: Reusable material furniture is becoming popular. According to news from the United States on October 10th, the struggling global furniture industry has found a much-needed lifesaver through unconventional means. In the years leading up to this, who would have thought that materials such as "recycled" wood, bicycle tires, or bourbon barrels could have some connection with this industry, let alone rescue it from its precarious sales situation. But according to data from the environmental advocacy organization MarketTransformation, to, Sustainability, sales of green furniture have increased at an annual rate of 20% since 2007, reaching the current $250 million. Although this is only a small number in the home decoration industry with a total market value of 76 billion US dollars, it is also a rare symbol of vitality in the furniture industry in recent times. Flipping through the magazines in the newsstand, you can see that design products are desperately trying to add a touch of environmental and green light, from corrugated cardboard lamps (recyclable!) to long sofas wrapped in leftover tent materials. Such products are not uncommon. Mainstream brands such as IKEA (view map) and Pottery, Barn are also joining this environmental trend, showing their stance with soy based cushions and certified sustainable wood products. It's easy for you to agree with this global environmental trend that is getting higher and higher. But some furniture industry insiders say that the prevalence of environmental trends is partly due to the declining economic situation curbing conspicuous luxury consumption, and luxury materials such as velvet and calf leather seem to be moving away from people's sight. In recent days, some trend observers have suggested that some trendy armchairs are more likely to use old-fashioned rough hemp materials as surface decorations to achieve a more approachable and away from boasting effect. In such an economy, interior designer Oliver Furth from Los Angeles, USA, said that people nowadays do not want to leave others with a feeling of spending money like water, but "if it is an environmentally friendly green product, it doesn't matter if you spend more." Using reusable or recycled materials is not a new idea, but recently the practice of this idea has become increasingly popular. For example, a used bourbon barrel can be used as a trendy side table. A design company in Brooklyn, New York, made a $2800 chair from recycled car springs. In addition, the scope of recycled materials is much wider than that of wood. Under the current design trend aimed at reducing landfill waste, a bar stool made of old chrome alloy bicycle wheels can also be sold for $425. Although you may not need avant-garde decorations to present an eco-friendly color, there are indeed more designers with an eco-friendly mindset trying to cater to this mainstream taste. You may not be able to imagine that the Adirondack chair produced by Loll, Designs is actually made from a melted milk jug. Alternatively, Lee Industries' classic decorations are actually made from recycled plastic bottles and metal springs. However, how can consumers distinguish which products are indeed beneficial to the environment and which ones are actually just for cosmetic purposes? Experts suggest that consumers can choose products produced by member companies of the Sustainable, Furnishings, Council. The industry alliance requires its highest level member companies to obtain Sustainable, Materials, Rating, Technology certification. The problem is that many brands that attract customers through environmental protection do not have similar certifications, including IKEA. IKEA has stated that it is too difficult for its suppliers worldwide to comply with various regulatory requirements. Even some certified companies may not strictly comply with the relevant requirements in their actual production. In addition, such certifications and environmental requirements often come with additional costs. The product is distributed in Copeland, 17 states in the United States. Furniture company stated that using certified wood has increased its cost by 10%, and this cost increase will inevitably be added to consumers. However, overall, the cost of producing environmentally friendly furniture on a large scale is still lower than that of limited edition design products. Pottery, Barn's eco-friendly sofas start at $999, but what about those sofas made of discarded military tents? 3995 dollars! ——Not to mention the patches all over them.
In the past, it was the imperial land of the Ming and Qing dynasties. Today, it is a gathering place for design masters. In April of early spring, design masters gather at No. 16, the "Imperial Palace" at the foot of the capital to share their unique design concepts and witness the historical moment of the establishment of AS and CLUB in Beijing. This event is hosted by the internationally renowned bathroom brand American Standard, organized by Copeland Corporation, and co organized by Home Decor magazine and Yijia Home Furnishings website.   Mr. Chew, Wee, and Chiat from the American standard, from the selection of personalized bathroom suites and products to the application of high technology in bathroom products, vividly introduced cases and analyzed products, making everyone present feel the extraordinary experience brought by American standard personalized bathroom.   The American Standard Designer Club is an excellent designer platform built by the internationally renowned bathroom brand American Standard based on its strong brand strength and comprehensive design system. Here, we will synchronize with global members to share original works by design masters, receive the latest information and trends, learn about European and American bathroom design concepts, and capture more inspiration. The American Standard Designer Club will be established in various parts of the country, and will hold a variety of designer activities with rich content, providing a platform for domestic designers to exchange ideas, bring world fashion bathroom concepts, and experience the infinite charm of American Standard personalized bathroom.
Wang Mingxin: We hope that enterprises can provide consumers with more humane, environmentally friendly, and water-saving products. We also sincerely congratulate the enterprise on obtaining the honor of China's water-saving product certification.   I will also briefly introduce it here. I would like to express my gratitude to them here, and thank the business leaders for their visionary vision and remarkable strategies in the face of the global economic crisis.   Today, Eagle Bathroom launched the Life. Lichao water-saving toilet, which is characterized by cleanliness and water conservation. This product continues Eagle Bathroom's consistent research and development philosophy, using natural principles to optimize and design internal pipelines, water rings, and distribution. At the same time, Life. Lichao also uses a three inch super large flushing valve to make the flushing effect stronger and cleaner. At present, water-saving products on the market are not mature enough. Some products can save water, but they cannot be washed clean, and some are very expensive. In this situation, if Eagle Bathroom uses spray technology and it can be popularized nationwide, it will bring huge social and economic effects. Eagle bathroom can also be said to be the "vanguard" of this industry. Today, I would like to use this promotion event to introduce better products to everyone, so that more consumers and builders can recognize such a good choice, which can bring consumers more humane, environmentally friendly, and water-saving products. We are also very pleased to hear such feedback information.   Starting from June 1st, 2006, the Green Building Standard was introduced, and the main evaluation here is the use of energy-saving, water-saving, and environmentally friendly products. According to Article 50378, when using water-saving equipment, the water-saving rate should not be less than 8%. However, there is a calculation formula for how to calculate it, which is included in the standard specifications. Therefore, we also hope to use this promotion event to tell our media friends that with the authoritative guarantee of Chinese water-saving products, we believe that such a good enterprise and product can establish a foothold in the domestic and even international markets. We also believe that the leaders of the enterprise have quick response and agile thinking, and in the face of the global economic crisis, they have high-quality products to contribute to everyone. Thank you everyone! Host: After so many years of development, Chinese sanitary ware has entered the ranks of world powers in terms of product quality and production technology, which is backed by the wisdom and strength of a large number of professionals dedicated to product technology research and development. Director Liu Youhong of our National Building Sanitation Quality Inspection Center is the most well-known expert in the sanitary ware industry. He has been committed to the research and development of water-saving technology in sanitary ware, and has achieved fruitful results in this field. Now let's invite Director Liu Youhong to discuss with everyone about water-saving aspects in the bathroom.
On the 21st, Mr. Fan, a resident of Nanchang, filed a complaint against Hengjie Sanitary Ware, stating that "a shower room purchased for 1200 yuan had a glass door that burst without reason before use. The seller was asked for an explanation, but the seller evaded the claim that 'the self explosion rate of glass products is as high as 0.3%.'. On July 4th last year, Mr. Fan spent 1200 yuan to purchase and install a tempered glass structured shower room (including a stone base) at Hengjie Sanitary Ware Store located at No. 61 Luoyang Road Building Materials Market, where the door of the shower room exploded on its own. On September 12th this year, as usual, he cleaned the new house every two weeks. However, when he opened the bathroom door, he found that the glass door of the shower room had burst and the ground was covered in broken glass. Due to the fact that the new house has just been renovated and the shower equipment has not been used yet, Mr. Fan suspects that there is a problem with the quality of the shower room. Subsequently, he went to Hengjie Sanitary Ware Store, which claimed that the self explosion rate of glass products was as high as 0.3%, and the shattered glass door was likely a normal self explosion. If the glass door was reinstalled, corresponding cost fees would be charged. The glass products are not covered by the "three guarantees". A person in charge of Hengjie Sanitary Ware Store stated that "it cannot be ruled out that it was caused by a recent typhoon and customers did not close their doors and windows in a timely manner. Because the four diagonal corners of tempered glass are relatively brittle, they may burst after being hit by heavy objects, which should not be considered a quality issue." The person in charge believes that according to industry practice, the fragility of glass products has led to the lack of the "three guarantees" in the industry. Moreover, the fact that the self explosion rate of glass products is as high as 0.3% should be a common knowledge that most consumers should be aware of. Industry standards cannot be exempted from liability. Law enforcement officers from the Consumer Protection Bureau of Xihu District Administration for Industry and Commerce in Nanchang City stated that according to relevant provisions of China's Product Quality Law and Consumer Rights Protection Law, producers should be responsible for the quality of the products they produce. Fragile items and other products with special requirements should be marked with warning signs or Chinese warning instructions in accordance with relevant regulations. In this dispute, Nanchang Hengjie Sanitary Ware Store did not promptly inform customers of the statement that "the self explosion rate of glass products is as high as 0.3%" before purchasing the products, and could not refuse compensation on the grounds of relevant industry standards.
Upon closer inspection of the old house decoration package, comparing the price and service, last year, due to the impact of the financial crisis and fluctuations in the real estate market, the business of the home decoration market has also undergone changes due to the decline in new house transaction volume. The previously dominant new house decoration business has been severely squeezed. On the contrary, the second-hand housing business that home decoration companies once disdained has seen a significant increase, almost equaling the total volume of new housing business. So, second-hand house decoration has become a new high ground targeted by many decoration companies. This week, the reporter selected different old house decoration packages for today's decoration to gain a detailed understanding of the construction projects, materials used, and services provided by the second-hand house packages at different prices. There are many types of old house packages in the home decoration market. In the past two years, the transaction volume of second-hand houses in Beijing has increased significantly. In some months, the transaction volume of second-hand houses has surpassed that of newly-built commercial houses, gradually forming a situation of "two parts of the world". The changes in the pattern of the upstream real estate market directly lead to market adjustments in the downstream home furnishing industry. Various home decoration companies have started to launch businesses such as renovating old houses, renovating second-hand houses, and repairing houses. Since the end of 2008, Jin Chao Decoration has been the first in the industry to launch the "19800 package" for second-hand house decoration. More and more home decoration companies have entered the second-hand house decoration market: Kebao has set up a 38000 yuan "makeup change package" for the second-hand house decoration crowd, which includes "demolition+construction+decoration"; Shengdian Decoration launches a "Small House Decoration New Home" priced at 21800 yuan; Shichuang Decoration offers a "18800 yuan, old house for new home" package for small apartments under 60 square meters, as well as "8800 yuan" and "6800 yuan" replacement packages; At the beginning of this year, the decoration department further refined the old house package and launched different packages for 60 square meters, 90 square meters, and 120 square meters. There are reasons why consumers choose package services provided by brand home decoration. Consumers choose package services more because they choose a more worry free, labor-saving, and cost-effective decoration solution. The launch of the old house decoration package series has added more choices for consumers with different decoration needs, thus making up for the shortcomings brought by a single package; On the other hand, the one-stop solution of package services allows consumers to avoid being exhausted by the complicated decoration process in their busy work. The overall cost of the second-hand house decoration packages launched by most brand home decoration companies is even more affordable than "wild decoration": 19800 yuan to decorate a 60 square meter residential building; 29800 yuan is the total cost of the project and materials for a 90 square meter residential building. A person in charge of a home decoration company explained that because home decoration materials are purchased on a large scale through professional procurement or from their own brands, the cost advantage is obvious, and such affordable prices cannot be compared to market prices. Even if the cost of "wild decoration" is low, it cannot be lower than the overall cost of the home decoration package. The introduction of benchmark projects for the renovation package of old houses has become a concern for consumers, in addition to the one-stop purchase of decoration and home products, the quality of the project has also become a major issue. In the fiercely competitive home decoration market, some home decoration business operators rack their brains to innovate, while others repeat seemingly clich é d development trajectories - improving product quality, focusing on researching people and the environment, and improving living quality. For example, the standard project of Kuoda Decoration, the blue diamond project of Yezhifeng Decoration, the benchmark project of Jinchao Decoration, and the 12 process upgrades of Shichuang Decoration. The decoration of second-hand houses generally includes basic engineering such as water and electricity line renovation, wall renovation, ceiling treatment, floor renovation, door and window renovation, etc. Compared to new houses, second-hand houses are prone to problems during the demolition and renovation process due to their long construction time, which increases the difficulty of construction and design. However, this is also testing the overall strength of the decoration company's design and construction capabilities. So, today's decoration has introduced benchmark projects into the old house decoration system, improving project quality by strengthening the management of each link in the project, effectively utilizing supervision and assessment mechanisms to improve project quality, effectively managing the project, focusing on project quality, coordinating multiple links such as design, main materials, industry, customer service, etc., and solving blind spots and difficult problems in the decoration process. At the same time, benchmark projects combine the characteristics of different old house renovation customers to develop construction standards, which become a powerful guarantee for the quality of old house decoration. Morning News reporter, Huang Lan will discuss the success or failure of home furnishings at this time next year. The gradual recovery of the real estate market in the past year has provided ample momentum and development space for the home furnishing industry. The giants in the home furnishing industry have also undergone transformation and upgrading in the past year, and the accumulated energy will surely burst in 2010- which furniture mall can attract more customers? Which home decoration company can seize more market share? Which building material brand is more favored by consumers? However, the outcome of things that never happened is clearly unpredictable, and only by this time next year can these mysteries be finally solved. It should be noted that the market is composed of two aspects, one is the provider of materials or services, and the other is consumers. The strength of furniture stores, home decoration companies, and building materials brands has doubled in a few months, but it does not mean that consumers' purchasing power can also double accordingly. How to balance the relationship between input and output in the short term? This is not a problem faced by any single brand, but requires the entire industry to explore through practice and action. The shopping mall is like a battlefield, where the brave meet on narrow roads, and after the raging fire, the real gold is revealed. In 2010, the home furnishing industry will still stage a tempting drama with ups and downs in plot. Looking back at this time next year, we will have more excitement and emotion.
Leading figures in the home furnishing industry gathered together, and the Beijing Evening News Home Weekly released awards such as the 2009 "Top 10 Healthy Home Furnishings Stores Trusted by the People of Beijing", "Featured Home Furnishings Stores Trusted by the People of Beijing", "Brand Home Furnishings Companies Trusted by the People of Beijing", "Brand Home Culture Street Trusted by the People of Beijing", "Top 10 Brand Furniture Trusted by the People of Beijing", "Brand Furniture Trusted by the People of Beijing", and "Brand Building Materials Trusted by the People of Beijing". Sina Home immediately conducted a live broadcast of this event.       Firstly, let's welcome Mr. Li Jian, General Manager of Beijing News Media, to deliver a speech.   First of all, on behalf of Beijing News Media, I would like to extend a warm welcome and heartfelt thanks to all the leaders and friends for taking the time out of their busy schedules to attend today's award ceremony! The year 2009, which is about to pass, is an extraordinary year. The home furnishing industry has shown excellent comprehensive strength in the face of severe crisis tests. The major enterprises present have become the backbone of the home furnishing industry's quality with their rock solid stability and development, and have also contributed to the stability and prosperity of the national economy. Therefore, as the various awards of the 2009 Beijing Home Furnishing Awards are about to be announced, I would like to express my sincere congratulations to the award-winning enterprises and ask everyone to accept my deep respect. It can be said that this year's awards have reached the highest historical peak in terms of value, and those who have undergone baptism can better see who are the true heroes.     All of you present here are old friends who have walked hand in hand with us for many years. In the upcoming new year, Beijing News Media will not disappoint everyone's expectations and will provide higher level media services for home furnishing enterprises with a more positive and renewed spirit. Beijing Evening News Home Weekly will also take advantage of this opportunity to forge ahead and strive for excellence, providing our media resources for home furnishing enterprises. Please continue to urge us and provide valuable opinions. With everyone's supervision, we will have valuable wealth to seize progress.     Thank you everyone!     We also express our sincere gratitude to the Beijing Evening News for their support to our home furnishing industry! In recent years, I have participated in relatively few media activities in the home furnishing industry. Why is it so rare? I always feel that the home furnishing industry is quite lively in the industry, and everyone entertains themselves. However, in the whole society, our industry has little say.   I have several requirements for the Beijing Evening News and hope to report more on the home furnishing industry in the future.   Thank you, that's all I have to say. I hope this event will be a complete success. Host: Thank you, President Wang, for your wonderful speech.   The Beijing Home Furnishings General Evaluation List has received widespread attention from all sectors of society and strong support from various enterprises in the home furnishing industry since its establishment in 2003. We express our sincere gratitude to all the entrepreneurs present here.  
Simplicity creates a romantic nest for professional women (picture)
The sanitary ware market is booming, and there are huge business opportunities hidden in hardware and bathroom accessories. It is reported that according to the notice issued by relevant national departments on the renovation of urban housing sanitary ware, Beijing has begun to phase out the water tank accessories on old-fashioned flush toilets and switch to water-saving accessories. According to the 5-year plan of the Water Affairs Bureau, more than 550000 sets of water-saving ball valves and inlet faucets will be purchased, and old style flush toilets in residential households will be renovated free of charge. At the same time, law enforcement efforts will be intensified to eliminate high water consumption toilet accessories that are explicitly prohibited by the state. These water fixtures cost 60 to 70 yuan per set, and if they are damaged after one year of installation, residents will have to pay for them themselves. This can be considered a significant business for the building materials and hardware markets. Industry insiders believe that the market space for bathroom hardware accessories is relatively large. There are many sets of bathroom accessories, but they generally include mirrors, toothbrush cups, toothbrush cup holders, soap dispensers, towel bars, towel racks, clothes hooks, paper tube holders, clothes hooks, and toilet brush boxes. Bathroom accessories are consumables due to frequent use and rapid product updates. In addition, their appearance looks like exquisite art, which is easy to attract consumption. It is understood that in terms of materials, the bathroom hardware currently on the market is mainly made of three materials: titanium alloy, pure copper chrome plated, and stainless steel chrome plated. Titanium alloy hardware is the most exquisite and durable, but the price is the most expensive, ranging from hundreds to thousands of yuan; Pure copper chrome plated products can effectively prevent oxidation, with guaranteed quality, and are currently the mainstream in the market, priced at around 100 yuan; Stainless steel chrome plating has the lowest price, mostly within 100 yuan, but also has the shortest service life.
Aiyiruis Fan Shanshan Aiyiruis Outlook Host: Currently, Aiyiruis products are distributed all over the world, forming more than 300 stores centered in Beijing and Shanghai, radiating to 28 provinces and cities. What are our future development plans? Fan Shanshan: Actually, Aiyiruis is a brand in Beijing, not just us. Currently, the representative brands of the entire Beijing style have formed a beautiful scene at annual exhibitions in Guangzhou, such as Qumei, Top 100, Yifeng, and so on. Of course, our products are also widely recognized and praised, and they are still very well-known. We specialize in making fabric sofas and soft beds. Of course, we still have many shortcomings, and this question is very good, which made me review our product development again. Our challenges after 2009 are also very significant. Our model is basically in the form of store in store. In the future, our products may be in the form of store in store or independent stores, with our professional fabric sofas, our casual, comfortable, and modern leather sofas, and some supporting home furnishings inside. This is our next development plan. I also hope that consumers can provide us with more opinions and good methods, which can better urge us to develop Aiyiruis faster and better, and reach a healthy development track. Because we are positioned as an international brand, we will also go out, but first of all, we need to do a good job in our internal management. If we see any shortcomings, we will quickly make progress. Talent is also a bottleneck for our development now, and it is also an important task for us in the later stage. Under our senior leadership, we will strive to improve our strengths and advantages, making our products and brand more appealing to consumers. We hope to truly become a brand that lives up to its name and is recognized by everyone. Host: The progress of every excellent enterprise benefits from its humble attitude and communication with consumers, just as our country cannot do without every person who builds it. I would also like to say on behalf of Mr. Fan that we welcome netizens to further communicate with our Aiyiruis online. Thank you very much for coming to our program today, Mr. Fan. We also hope that you will be a guest on our program again. thank you! (End)
Analysis of Cabinet Design Trends and Prediction of the Demand Direction for Cabinets in the 80s. As the core structure of home dining environment, the kitchen has undergone revolutionary changes. Kitchen construction has entered the development stage of comfortable and artistic living from functional and supporting types, and equipment has also moved from simple construction to specialized production of cabinets and units. Recently, the focus of kitchen and home furnishings has remained on fashion and classicism. Manufacturers not only innovate in color and style, but also increase the inherent practicality in terms of humanization. Today we will discuss the cabinet concept of the post-80s generation who have crossed eras. The trend that attracts attention is that people born in the 1980s are representatives of fashion and internationalization, and the times have endowed them with peculiar ideas and bold personalities. Therefore, there must be unique highlights in life to adapt to a more advanced stream of consciousness. The streamlined cabinet design is a major feature of kitchen furniture, with perfect curves and bright colors, making the entire cabinet full of youthful vitality. It is reported that this streamlined cabinet is not commonly seen among domestic manufacturers, but this linear design attracts the attention of many young people. In addition to its attractive appearance, the capacity inside is much larger than that of ordinary square cabinets, making it very convenient to use. The 'little secrets' and storage space inside the' big monster 'are places where every owner can fully utilize their intelligence and wit. Nowadays, the design of cabinets also utilizes the angular space inside the cabinets, connecting them with external baskets to form a whole, which is commonly known as the "big monster" or "small monster". Clever design not only makes full use of space, but also makes it more convenient to hold and store items, which can be said to be killing two birds with one stone. Exquisite and practical small drawers, minimalist style cabinets usually have large drawers or sliding doors, with fewer small drawers. Many European style cabinets not only have a classical and noble appearance, but also have many small drawers as their highlight. The biggest feature of this design is that it allows items to be classified and easily taken, and some small foods are not easily mixed together, making it look more delicate in appearance. Matching partners are convenient and practical. Young people born in the 1980s generally do not know how to cook, so they need to look at some recipes to cook. It is easy to get wet and oily when placed on the table, which is very inconvenient. Now we have launched a bookshelf specifically for reading recipes, which can be browsed freely without worrying about books getting dirty. After cooking, my hands will be very oily and I need to bring a napkin. Put some meal paper on the shelf for easy access, avoiding oil droplets on the drawer handles due to dirty hands. And hanging the shelf on the wall won't take up too much space on the table. From the above characteristics, we can see that future cabinets will pay more attention to practicality, making them more convenient and comfortable for people to use. But in addition to these characteristics, it is not difficult to find that the overall trend of kitchen and home furnishing development is towards those who need them more, which is not only pursued by the post-80s generation, but also by the public!
The high weight of decoration poses safety hazards and requires standardized installation to avoid falling objects. This newspaper recently reported that a luxury villa developed by Hanhong Real Estate had a marble fireplace cover that only used glue to stick, which fell off and caused a 5-year-old girl to be hit in the head and die. Whoever will bear the responsibility for this incident, the loss of life is irreparable. While lamenting, we should also be alert that all basic decoration and later accessories, whether it is walls, ceilings, floors, etc., have their load-bearing limits. Exceeding the load-bearing limits or incorrect construction may lead to accidents or dangers. What are the "unbearable" objects in the home that are prone to falling off and causing danger? The reporter interviewed Yang Guangqiang, the chief designer of Kuoda Decoration, and he said that when pasting and hanging objects on the top and walls of the living room, attention should be paid to the load-bearing capacity of each connecting part. Heavy objects must be specially installed. Yang Guangqiang introduced that if the connection operation between the suspended ceiling and the floor slab is not standardized or the connection between the suspended ceiling keel and the veneer is not standardized, the bonding is not good, or the load-bearing capacity is too large during the construction process, it is easy to cause the overall or partial collapse of the suspended ceiling. Generally speaking, there should be at least one expansion bolt fixed within each square meter. The suspended ceiling keel should not be twisted or deformed. The installed keel should be firm and reliable, with a horizontal deviation of no more than 5mm around. Suspended ceilings or ceiling fans weighing more than 500 grams should not be hung on the suspended ceiling keel, and additional hooks should be installed. Lamps, exhaust fans, and other items weighing more than 3 kilograms are prohibited from being installed on the ceiling keel. They should be connected to the building structure through expansion bolts using hanging brackets. Except for tube lights and spotlights, it is best to fix the pendant lights in each room, regardless of their weight, on the top or floor of the structure. The material used for placing lighting fixtures and similar products on the ceiling holes should be larger than the size of the holes. In addition, when heavy materials such as stone and gypsum are used in the suspended ceiling area, hangers should be used to firmly fix them with expansion bolts, and then the surface material should be fixed with hangers, with a thickness of no more than 9mm. Wall stone should be fixed with hangers. If it is necessary to bond stone or other decorative panels on the wall, if the size of the stone installation design allows, it is best to use hangers for fixing, or use fine woodworking boards to level the entire wall and fix the stone with strong adhesive. If the stone is directly pasted onto the concrete wall with strong adhesive, the putty layer on the wall should be removed completely, and the original concrete wall should be chiseled and smoothed with cement mortar before bonding. When installing large single stones or tiles on a wall (or using tiles as wall tiles), the wall structure should be considered, and lightweight walls should be reinforced to prevent hollowing and peeling of surface materials due to wall deformation; Specially smooth concrete walls should be chiseled to increase the adhesion between the tiling mortar and the original concrete wall. When using large blocks for wall surfaces, it is necessary to consider the natural sliding of cement mortar, which can easily cause hollowing and make it much more difficult to lay than small bricks. Therefore, it is best to use normal wall tiles to stick to the wall surface. It is necessary to consider the overall load capacity of the house. Some consumers like to collect strange stones, antiques, or fish farming, so they place many large stone crafts, antiques, or large aquariums, fish tanks, and other items in their homes for decoration and viewing. When placing these heavy items, it is important to consider the load-bearing capacity of the house itself. Generally speaking, the residential load (usage load) is 150 kilograms per square meter for the living room, 200 kilograms per square meter for the bathroom, and 250 kilograms per square meter for the balcony. Therefore, under the premise that the quality of the products used in the design, construction, and use of the house meets the requirements, there will generally be no problem with placing these items in the living room. However, placing heavy items in the center of the house still poses a danger, as cracks may appear. It is reported that prefabricated floor slabs are more prone to fracturing, while the floor slabs and walls of cast-in-place buildings are poured together, uniformly subjected to force, and relatively sturdy. But the premise is that it must be within the load range of the house itself. Once exceeded, it is easy to encounter danger. Pay attention to details, safety, and life points. Paying attention to the principles of mechanics in daily life can improve the service life of furniture and living spaces, and reduce the occurrence of dangerous situations. If there are more bowls and plates placed in the cabinet, placing them in the center can easily cause deformation of the cabinet bottom, while placing them on both sides will reduce the occurrence of deformation. The same goes for placing things on the balcony. If there are too many things on the outer edge of the balcony, it is not safe, but placing them on the inner wall side of the balcony is much safer. There is a lever principle here, the more you place something outside, the greater the force at the connection between the balcony and the wall, like a seesaw. So, if people pay more attention to the principles of mechanics in their daily lives, they will reduce many unnecessary troubles. In addition, when encapsulating balconies, attention should also be paid to the fact that some living rooms do not have reserved "landing points" for encapsulation materials. Therefore, when encapsulating balconies, doors and windows must be horizontal and vertical, consistent in height, and have no deformation, welding, or breakage in appearance. The gap between the frame and the wall should be full and dense.
Online tanning infringement, owner ordered to apologize due to decoration dispute. A homeowner in Shanghai established a dedicated "tanning" forum to attack decoration companies. Therefore, the decoration company sued Mr. Fu, the owner, on the grounds of reputation infringement. Recently, Mr. Fu published a public apology letter on Shanghai Decoration Network, admitting to infringement. The Pudong New Area Court stated that such "online tanning" infringement cases are increasing year by year, and it is understandable for individuals to protect their rights through the power of the internet. However, if the methods are not appropriate, it may lead to infringement. In July 2006, Jinnian Company signed a renovation contract with Mr. Fu's wife, Ms. Xu, but a dispute arose between the two parties during the renovation process. According to the ruling of the Shanghai Arbitration Commission, the contract has been terminated and Ms. Xu is required to compensate more than 20000 yuan. Afterwards, Mr. Fu took advantage of his position and established the "Decoration Blood and Tears Forum" in January 2007. He posted a post on the forum under the username "Decoration Victims" titled "This is how I fell into the trap of the decoration tycoon". In the following six months, the post was reposted on various decoration forums, and netizens followed up to attack Jin Nian Company as the "most shameless and rogue decoration company in the world". According to a survey conducted by Jinnian Company, 25 of the netizens who participated in the comment attack had the same IP address, which was ultimately confirmed to be owned by Mr. Fu. The court ruled in favor of Jinnian Company in both the first and second trials, requiring Mr. Fu to delete relevant remarks, compensate more than 20000 yuan, and apologize on Shanghai Decoration Network. Finally, under the supervision of the Pudong New Area Court Enforcement Division, Mr. Fu's apology notice was recently posted on Shanghai Decoration Network.
Old currency from the Republic of China can be used to buy ceramic tiles. Jingshan customers were scammed out of 30000 yuan. According to Jingchu News, reporters Rao Chunwu and Liu Dajia, as well as interns Wang Huan and Zheng Xiaoxia, reported that yesterday morning, Mr. Xu, who came to Han from Jingshan to buy ceramic tiles, spent 30000 yuan in cash to buy two Republic of China banknotes with a face value of 10000 yuan. After investigation, it was found that their market value was only a few tens of yuan. Yesterday morning around 6:30am, Mr. Xu arrived? Kouhan West Road Central China Building Materials Market. When Mr. Xu walked out of a ceramic shop, a man with a square face approached and said that his boss came from Guangdong and sold branded ceramic tiles that were very cheap and could be settled in old currency of the Republic of China. The face value of 1 yuan could be offset by 5.5 yuan in Chinese yuan, and he was willing to take Mr. Xu to the ceramic tile warehouse to take a look. Mr. Xu walked about 200 meters with the square faced man and met a handsome young man. The square faced man claimed that the other party was his boss. The handsome young man also said that his ceramic tiles can be purchased with "ancient coins" from the Republic of China. Mr. Xu was skeptical after hearing this. At this moment, a woman hurriedly walked over, claiming that she had bought ceramic tiles with old coins before. Her brother had just been in a car accident, and she wanted to exchange her old Republic of China coins for cash for emergency use. The square faced man immediately bought 100 yuan Republic of China banknotes from the other party for 400 yuan, and turned around to "exchange" back 500 yuan from the handsome young man. Mr. Xu firmly believed it. The currency exchange woman took out two Republic of China banknotes with a face value of 10000 yuan and requested to exchange them for Chinese yuan. The square faced man only found 23000 yuan on his body and asked Mr. Xu to join in. Mr. Xu didn't know what the plan was, so he took out 30000 yuan in cash and handed it over to the woman. The currency exchange woman said she deserved 80000 RMB, which was not enough. Then she asked the square faced man to stay in place and asked Mr. Xu to exchange two 10000 RMB Republic of China banknotes with the handsome young man, and then come back to make up for the difference. Mr. Xu had only taken a few steps when the square faced man and the woman turned around and ran away. Mr. Xu immediately reported the case to the police. Yesterday, the reporter learned from the Wuhan collectibles market that the 10000 yuan Republic of China banknotes used by scammers have a market value of only a few tens of yuan. According to Jingchu.com, reporters Rao Chunwu and Liu Dajia, as well as interns Wang Huan and Zheng Xiaoxia, reported that yesterday morning, Mr. Xu, who came to Han from Jingshan to buy ceramic tiles, spent 30000 yuan in cash to buy two Republic of China banknotes with a face value of 10000 yuan. After investigation, it was found that their market value was only a few tens of yuan. Yesterday morning around 6:30am, Mr. Xu arrived? Kouhan West Road Central China Building Materials Market. When Mr. Xu walked out of a ceramic shop, a man with a square face approached and said that his boss came from Guangdong and sold branded ceramic tiles that were very cheap and could be settled in old currency of the Republic of China. The face value of 1 yuan could be offset by 5.5 yuan in Chinese yuan, and he was willing to take Mr. Xu to the ceramic tile warehouse to take a look. Mr. Xu walked about 200 meters with the square faced man and met a handsome young man. The square faced man claimed that the other party was his boss. The handsome young man also said that his ceramic tiles can be purchased with "ancient coins" from the Republic of China. Mr. Xu was skeptical after hearing this. At this moment, a woman hurriedly walked over, claiming that she had bought ceramic tiles with old coins before. Her brother had just been in a car accident, and she wanted to exchange her old Republic of China coins for cash for emergency use. The square faced man immediately bought 100 yuan Republic of China banknotes from the other party for 400 yuan, and turned around to "exchange" back 500 yuan from the handsome young man. Mr. Xu firmly believed it. The currency exchange woman took out two Republic of China banknotes with a face value of 10000 yuan and requested to exchange them for Chinese yuan. The square faced man only found 23000 yuan on his body and asked Mr. Xu to join in. Mr. Xu didn't know what the plan was, so he took out 30000 yuan in cash and handed it over to the woman. The currency exchange woman said she deserved 80000 RMB, which was not enough. Then she asked the square faced man to stay in place and asked Mr. Xu to exchange two 10000 RMB Republic of China banknotes with the handsome young man, and then come back to make up for the difference. Mr. Xu had only taken a few steps when the square faced man and the woman turned around and ran away. Mr. Xu immediately reported the case to the police. Yesterday, the reporter learned from the Wuhan collectibles market that the 10000 yuan Republic of China banknotes used by scammers have a market value of only a few tens of yuan.
The demolition of load-bearing walls during renovation scares the residents of the entire building. According to this report, a resident of a residential building in Haihui New Village, Danyang City, brutally renovated and illegally demolished two load-bearing walls. Because the building is an old building, the residents of the entire building are restless and uneasy. After receiving reports from multiple residents, the city's urban construction team quickly rushed to the scene to stop the construction and ordered the restoration of the original state. Yesterday morning, when the reporter came to the scene again, he found that the dismantled load-bearing wall had been restored. Haihui New Village is one of the old residential areas in the city, with a relatively long history and very old buildings. A resident upstairs started a major construction project a few days ago, not only knocking down the load-bearing wall in the living room, but also removing a load-bearing wall in the master bedroom to expand the space. Therefore, residents inside the building are very concerned about the safety of the building. Helpless, they complained to the urban construction brigade. After receiving feedback from residents, the urban construction team of the city's construction bureau immediately rushed to the site for investigation and stopped the owners from carrying out construction. Under the patient persuasion of law enforcement officers, the renovated residents gradually realized the harm of "barbaric decoration" and promised to restore the wall as soon as possible. (Zhang Ming, Wang Guoyu, Zhang Lingfa)
Interpretation: How to deal with kitchen decoration sequelae and what to pay attention to when decorating well. During this period, the climate is dry, and the wooden boards of cabinets are not easy to regain moisture. Coatings and paints are also relatively easy to dry. However, at the same time, dry weather can also bring some negative problems to kitchen decoration, which are known as decoration sequelae. 【 Symptom 1 】 Cracks appear in cabinet wood. In autumn, the air is cool and dry, and the wood does not regain moisture. Paint and coatings are also relatively easy to dry, but if not prevented properly, it can also cause some trouble. For example, if not properly treated, small cracks will appear on the surface of the wood, and the wood lines at the edges will shrink, thereby affecting the appearance of the decorative panel. Countermeasure: Oil sealing treatment: During autumn decoration, the wood that arrives at the site should be placed in a ventilated area and sealed with oil, otherwise small cracks will appear on the surface of the wood due to rapid loss of moisture. The wood thread used for edge finishing is made of solid wood with a higher moisture content than the decorative panel. After processing, the surface should be sealed with oil as soon as possible. If the moisture inside the wood thread is lost, it will shrink and may also affect the appearance of the decorative panel. 【 Symptom 2 】 Multiple repairs to the floor: Shrinkage of wooden floors, enlargement of board joints, and opening of joints at different material interfaces... Many decoration projects that have just been completed in summer have problems to varying degrees as they enter autumn, and repeated repairs are ineffective. Countermeasure: Suspend the repair of rooms that have already been decorated during the spring and summer seasons. After entering autumn, cracks and gaps of varying degrees may appear. Decoration problems caused by seasonal reasons can be repaired appropriately, but it is best not to repair them immediately. If the repair is done at this time, if the moisture continues to evaporate, there is still a possibility of further cracking. So, when there are problems with autumn decoration and repairs are needed, they should wait until the following spring when the temperature difference between the four seasons changes, cracking and deformation problems no longer develop, and then carry out a one-time repair. 【 Symptom 3 】 Wallpaper cracking and deformation. In autumn, it is easy to encounter such problems: newly pasted wallpaper or wallpaper may start to show local bulges, warping, and even cracking and falling off after being blown by the wind. Countermeasure: Moisturizing and drying in the shade: In autumn decoration, not only should the wallpaper be "moisturized", but also the pasted wallpaper or wallpaper should be naturally dried in the shade, rather than "ventilated". When decorating in autumn, wallpaper and wall coverings must be thoroughly soaked in water before being applied with glue. After laying, you cannot open doors and windows like in summer to let the wall dry quickly. Symptom 4: Color tones are only suitable for autumn and winter. As the weather gradually cools down, people will unconsciously like some warmer colors. If decoration is carried out during this season, it often creates a warmer overall home atmosphere. And once it's spring and summer, overly warm colors are no longer suitable. ● Countermeasure: Choose neutral colors+use soft decorations to adjust the theme color. When decorating in autumn, try to avoid the autumn atmosphere causing visual illusions and misleading sensations. Objectively examine your tendency when choosing building materials, try to choose neutral color tones, and reserve more "imagination" for the space. Then, by utilizing different decorative effects such as fabric and decorative paintings, such as the intensity and lightness of colors, the thickness and softness of textures, and other variations, the seasonal demands of the home environment are ultimately changed.
Not only can we provide inspection reports for the appearance and quality of rosewood furniture, but also for any questions about tree species. In addition, we conduct two random inspections of furniture from various merchants every year. After the inspections, people like Mr. Jiang, who is responsible for management, conduct internal evaluations. Generally, there are no problems with the numbers, but the quality and appearance of the furniture are usually the focus of inspection. We have been doing this work for many years, and as a quality inspection department in Beijing, we are still concerned about these issues. Generally, tree planting inspection is very tedious, and various enterprises take it for inspection, and the inspection station cannot welcome it. However, if consumers request it, we can send it for inspection. In addition, we have sent an experienced veteran from our association to Redwood Street, who has some experience in redwood furniture and specializes in handling problems that arise during furniture sales or after-sales service. Our association represents us and has experts there every Sunday to solve such problems. In order to protect the interests of consumers and solve some problems for them, we have also built a platform between the government, merchants, and manufacturers to constantly grasp feedback information. From our perspective, we should do as much quality testing work as possible. Moreover, from 2007 to 2008, redwood furniture sales reached a freezing point. Many of our manufacturers cannot withstand the pressure because their financial strength is not very strong. Or if there is a problem with one's own operation, I have already withdrawn from this circle on my own. If businesses consider consumers, their own survival, and ensure quality, this rosewood furniture can definitely continue to be produced. As a resource-based product, raw materials are becoming increasingly scarce, and with the improvement of the majority of elderly people and aesthetic standards, the quality requirements for rosewood furniture are becoming higher and higher, including fidelity, after-sales service, and other issues. As a rosewood enterprise, as long as we seize these points and persist, I think the spring of rosewood furniture sales will definitely come soon. Now, with the turning point of the world economy, real estate is also getting better and better, and this area is also affected. Therefore, I also wish everyone a better situation in this year's rosewood furniture sales process. The sentence is:.   Mr. Zhang: There is a redwood consultation card on Redwood Street. In terms of furniture quality assurance, we have always adhered to this principle with Mr. Jiang. We must ensure the quality of the merchant's redwood furniture. The furniture purchased from here has a quality tracking service card, and Mr. Jiang has registered and filed it. If there are quality problems or tree species problems, Redwood Street will handle them. If they cannot be handled on Redwood Street, they will contact us. We will coordinate with the anti-counterfeiting association. But in recent years, because I haven't been exposed to Redwood Street for a long time, I haven't encountered any tricky problems since then, which shows that I have done a good job in this area. Host: Where do general investment issues focus? Mr. Zhang: There are no issues yet. At most, I just called to ask what to do with this question. Many of the issues have been resolved with Mr. Jiang. Host: If consumers are not confident about this and want to undergo inspection, will the cost be borne by the manufacturer or the consumer? Jiang Dingsheng: If the consumer verifies that this furniture is genuine, the cost will be borne by the consumer. If it is fake, the manufacturer will have to compensate for one loss. Therefore, our store still attaches great importance to this. We put some pressure on the enterprise. If the product is not good, the consumer says that this item cannot be sold at this price. This is a simple truth. Therefore, in the mahogany market we have been doing in recent years, consumers still like it very much. However, our store's idea is that customers are actually our real customers. If the merchant has problems, I will definitely not stand in the merchant's position. Customers support the mall and the market. If consumers do not approve of the store, then the enterprise cannot survive and the store cannot continue. This principle is Absolutely cannot be changed, there are some merchants now, Perhaps doing some bad things while pursuing profits is irresponsible to consumers. Raw materials are becoming increasingly scarce, and some businesses are too focused on profit margins, producing products at random without much innovation in styles. Especially last year when business was not good, they sold at low prices, which had a negative impact on the market and consumers' minds. It gives consumers the feeling that the prices in 2007 were so high, but now they are so low. Some businesses have financial problems or lack strength in operation, and they have to sell at a loss, resulting in a lack of confidence in the mahogany market. This year, we have been thinking about how to cultivate consumers and rebuild the confidence of the industry, so that they feel that investing in the rosewood industry can preserve and appreciate value in the future, which is beneficial to everyone. Host: What are the concentrated issues that consumers face when purchasing rosewood furniture on Redwood Street? Jiang Dingsheng: The main issue is still the quality of the product. If the craftsmanship is not done well, it will still have no collection value. If you use it for a short time, problems may arise. In addition, in terms of wood treatment, if not handled properly, deformation and cracking may occur. Therefore, businesses must do a good job in craftsmanship and brand improvement. Only with the production technology of rosewood furniture can your enterprise make further progress.
Red Star Macalline and Surprisingly Home are once again in conflict, vying for the Chongqing store location. This year, with shrinking and rent reduction becoming the theme of the home furnishing chain market, both domestic and foreign chain merchants have finally lived peacefully for more than half a year. However, this calmness was shattered by a rumor. The rumor that caused the market to explode is that the two major home furnishing chain giants in China, Red Star Macalline (hereinafter referred to as "Red Star") and Surprisingly Home, are competing for store locations in Chongqing. This is not a rumor, "said Wang Sheng (pseudonym), a local home furnishing brand agent in Chongqing, to reporters on August 9th." The two are located in the same place, and I can only enter one venue. I must have offended the other, but unfortunately neither of these two can afford to offend. "Wang Sheng's concern is the annoyance of all home furnishing and building materials distributors in Chongqing. Previously, Red Star had announced in a high-profile manner that it would relocate its second store in Chongqing to "Shanghai City" in Nanping, and was scheduled to open in October to welcome customers. At the critical moment when various brand distributors and agents were finalizing their entry arrangements with Red Star, the news that Surprisingly Home was also going to settle in "Shanghai City" caused everyone to panic. This is not the first time Red Star and Juran Home have had a direct confrontation, but it is the first time the two have competed for the same store location. Since the launch of the domestic home furnishing chain market, these two major home furnishing chain merchants, known as "South Red Star, North Surprisingly", have left their footprints of confrontation in multiple cities. However, in February of this year, the two companies formed a strategic alliance and declared to eliminate vicious competition. Nowadays, the voice of the alliance still echoes in our ears, and the disputes between the two sides have arisen, making the vision of rational competition in the home furnishing chain industry once again elusive. The "Shanghai City" dispute between Red Star and Surprisingly Home has been described as a "needle on the wheat" in the industry.   On the 10th, Zhang, the general manager of the Chongqing branch of Surprisingly Home, told reporters, "We hope to handle this matter in a low-key manner." He said that whether to settle in "Shanghai City" cannot be said now. According to informed sources, Surprisingly Home had an agreement with Wanda Plaza and expressed interest in moving in. The person also holds a non denying and non admitting attitude towards whether to settle in Wanda Plaza near Shanghai City.   At the same time, Red Star, which was affected by the news that Surprisingly Home was going to seize the "Shanghai City", also adopted a "closed door" policy. Yu Lan, Assistant General Manager of Red Star Macalline Southwest Region and General Manager of Chongqing Store, said that it is not convenient to discuss the "Shanghai City" incident now, and Red Star may have a special explanation in a few days. However, Red Star and Surprisingly Home, which are currently in a whirlpool of topics, may choose to remain calm, but the various agents and distributors are anxious and uneasy. Wang Sheng said that he can only choose one company to enter, which will inevitably offend another company, and the brand he represents has cooperation with Red Star and Juran Home in other cities, which is a headache. It is reported that earlier this year, Red Star had set its sights on the "Shanghai City" in Nanping commercial district and had already made a high-profile investment promotion, with an expected opening in October. Why is the current home also interested in 'Shanghai City'? Insiders familiar with both sides interpret this confusion as follows: Surprisingly, Home has set its sights on Wanda Plaza, and at this time, it has announced its intention to enter "Shanghai City", which clearly means disrupting Red Star's investment attraction. When Red Star first entered the Chongqing market, it happened to be during the investment promotion work of Juran Home, which naturally caught Juran Home off guard. In 2006, Surprisingly Home, which was fighting south, and Red Star, which was planning to go north, clashed in Chongqing. Just two months after Surprisingly Home opened its first 100000 square meter home and building materials store in Chongqing, Red Star's hypermarket settled in Chongqing. The distant strategic alliance "Shanghai City" incident has once again put the strategic alliance between Surprisingly Home and Red Star under the microscope, casting a shadow over the rational competition expectations of its agents and distributors. Wang Sheng said that similar competitions between Surprisingly Home and Red Star have frequently occurred in other cities. After the news of the strategic alliance between the two companies came out, the industry originally thought that the above situation would end, but now history is repeating itself. In domestic chain enterprises, Surprisingly Home and Red Star are industry leaders. None of us as agents dare to offend them, otherwise if we don't handle it properly, both companies will increase your rent, "he said. Public information shows that there is a fierce competition between domestic and foreign investors in the current domestic home furnishing chain market. On the one hand, foreign chain stores such as Home Depot and B&T Home (see the map) have penetrated the Chinese market; On the other hand, after a round of reshuffling, domestic chain brands such as Surprisingly Home and Red Star Macalline have become the two major representatives of domestic brands. According to the website information of Red Star and Surprisingly Home, Red Star currently has 50 stores in China, while Surprisingly Home has 16 stores. Last year, Red Star's sales revenue was 40 billion yuan, while Surprisingly Home's was 10 billion yuan. Moreover, while foreign chain stores are shrinking and retreating, the expansion pace of Red Star and Surprisingly Home is still continuing. However, the rivalry between Red Star and Surprisingly Home in the battles of the north and south has always been a concern for brand agents and distributors. Last year, Surprisingly Home and Red Star staged a "price war" in Beijing and engaged in face-to-face combat in Zhengzhou. Wang Sheng said that the "price war" ultimately reduces the profit margin of agent dealers, while the direct conflict of store addresses puts them in a dilemma. It was not until the end of February this year that Red Star and Surprisingly Home decided to form a strategic alliance, and agents such as Wang Sheng breathed a sigh of relief. In its alliance agreement, "shall not engage in any contact or cooperation with another partner who has already opened a branch or franchise store that would harm the interests of the other party" is highly regarded by the agent distributor. At that time, Red Star and Surprisingly Home had another collaboration. When the contracts for the two franchise stores of Red Star in Jinan expired, due to the ongoing construction of their direct stores and the lack of suitable store locations in Shandong, both parties decided to hand over these two stores to Red Star. Unfortunately, the current 'Shanghai City' incident has put an end to this honeymoon period. At present, the domestic home furnishing chain market is still in a chaotic stage.   Industry insiders say that as representatives of domestic brands, the competitive methods of Red Star and Juran Home will largely affect other participants in the industry, thereby influencing the entire market environment. When these two major shopping malls engage in a price war, other market participants will also follow suit under pressure to lower prices, resulting in a chaotic market price. Agent distributors cannot make money, and smaller stores cannot continue, "he said." In the end, market share tends to concentrate in the hands of the major shopping malls, and hostile competition between them will lead to the entire market being in a sub healthy state of competition
After layers of screening by the competition jury, one first prize, two second prizes, and three third prizes were finally selected.   This competition produced three third prizes, won by Wang Wei, Li Zhaoyu, and Zhao Lina respectively. Two second prizes were won by Chen Yuan and Huang Yue, and one first prize was won by Mr. Huang Shiwei, who is over seventy years old. During the award ceremony, renowned writer Zou Jingzhi was also connected on-site. Zou Jingzhi congratulated the winners and affirmed the performance of the contestants in this competition. At the same time, dozens of shortlisted awards were presented on site, and the enthusiasm of readers' participation was once again affirmed. At the end of the award ceremony, Luo Chunxiao, General Manager of Jinghua Cultural Communication Co., Ltd., and Wang Wei, General Manager of Red Star Macalline Beijing Shanghai Region, were appointed as special home culture experts by the Red Star Macalline "Lu Ban Hui" home culture expert advisory group. In the future, they will work together with Red Star Macalline to promote a new home living culture. In addition, taking this event as an opportunity, the "Red Star Macalline Home Culture Experience Month" activity was officially unveiled. Readers and consumers can visit Red Star Macalline and experience the rich and colorful home culture activities. Seventy year old Huang Shiwei has won the crown. According to Wang Wei, the general manager of Red Star Macalline in Beijing Shanghai and Southwest regions, Red Star Macalline will continue to innovate in store marketing, launching various activities such as fashion, trends, environmental protection, and culture, promoting cultural marketing, advocating home fashion, and pursuing a beautiful life. This year, Red Star Macalline will also plan to organize consumers to participate in hands-on activities such as drama and outdoor activities, and has also established two organizations, "Red Star Home" and "Luban Club", to create the most fashionable, beautiful, and relaxed home experience for consumers, making home truly a part of life. (Sina Home, Zhang Yongzhi, Chen Ling)
There are many consumer concepts, so don't be obsessed with high-end cabinets. The kitchen is one of the most important places in our lives. With the continuous improvement of people's living conditions, people's requirements for the kitchen are also increasing. The kitchen is no longer just a place for cooking, but also an important embodiment of modern home culture. There are many concepts in cabinet consumption, and cabinet consumption is often confused by many concepts. Nowadays, many cabinet salespeople first recommend high-end materials to consumers, such as crystal XX board and silver diamond XX board. The countertop should account for a large part of the cost of the entire cabinet. Taking a cabinet priced at 1800 yuan per meter as an example, using the best domestically produced artificial stone countertop would cost over 700 yuan. However, the current level of craftsmanship for domestically produced artificial stones varies greatly. Some slightly inferior domestically produced artificial stones only cost 300 to 500 yuan per linear meter, and even industry insiders find it difficult to see any significant differences in their appearance. A countertop can have a price difference of several hundred yuan per linear meter, providing great room for adjustment for merchants' profits. The bottom plate of the cabinet is also heavily conceptual. As many salespeople usually say when introducing products, we use moisture-proof boards that have undergone special treatment and have good moisture-proof effects, although the price is slightly higher.   The so-called moisture-proof board is actually just a treatment applied to ordinary medium density boards. Moreover, in terms of cost, moisture-proof boards and particleboard have much lower processing difficulty, auxiliary materials, and mechanical losses compared to other boards. It can be seen that many businesses are taking advantage of consumers' lack of expertise to deceive them. Experts remind consumers that the most important thing in determining the quality of a cabinet is to look at its board, as well as its edges, hardware accessories, and other details. Cabinets should be made of high-quality density board or particleboard with fireproof board, etc. The veneer and edge sealing of cabinets made by regular manufacturers are completed by professional machines through high temperature and high pressure. This can make the veneer, edge sealing and board tightly combined, and long-term use will not crack. Be wary of false packaging and protect legitimate rights and interests. It is reported that foreign cabinets are generally priced based on the cabinet body, and good paint materials are only 400 euros per linear meter. However, when shipped to China, they can be sold for as low as 12000 yuan per linear meter, which has tripled. However, many "famous foreign brands" are actually domestically manufactured, and their titles are generally obtained by entrusting a professional registration company with money to register a shell company abroad, where all production and sales are completed domestically; Secondly, there is no registered foreign trademark, only a factory is established in China, some equipment is introduced, and production is carried out according to a certain foreign standard. Partial imports are used instead of full imports, and some directly label their own accessories with English names, claiming to be "imported from abroad". Adhering to corporate principles and improving industry standards, more and more people in the industry are realizing that in addition to continuously improving and perfecting the quality of their own products, they should also pay attention to the cultivation of internal strength and achieve effective extension of services. Thus, surpassing the satisfaction of the psychological needs of the product itself and the demand for alternative product functions, the price reference is effectively diluted, and value is established as the measurement standard for enterprises. At the same time, it can innovate in services, achieve effective extension in competitors and various service projects, establish a complete service system, and enhance the market competitiveness of the enterprise.
Beware of traps when buying furniture: Board furniture impersonates solid wood furniture. (Correspondent, Zhang Minxian) A furniture company signed a "yin-yang contract" when selling a set of furniture worth 55000 yuan to Mr. Zhang, using board furniture to impersonate solid wood furniture. Recently, the Putuo District Court ordered Muyi Furniture Company to refund one and compensate one, paying Mr. Zhang a total of more than 110000 yuan. As the lessor of the sales venue, Hengmei Home Furnishings also bears joint and several liability for compensation. In early 2007, Mr. Zhang went to Hengmei Home to look for furniture for renovating his new house. A salesperson from Muyi Furniture Company enthusiastically recommended a 24 piece set of furniture to him, stating that although the sample was made of board structure, it could be customized into solid wood furniture made of Burmese teak as required, with a total price of 55000 yuan. After hearing this, Mr. Zhang ordered a set on the spot. Unexpectedly, when the furniture was delivered to his home, a knowledgeable friend told him that these pieces of furniture were not made of solid wood and were all made of boards. So Mr. Zhang sued the furniture company and Hengmei Home, demanding a refund and compensation. Muyi Furniture Company presented the purchase order receipt in court, and the material column on it was blank. Obviously, this is a yin-yang contract, which only specifies the material requirements on the customer storage link, but not on the company link. Muyi Furniture Company confidently believes that the additional notes are not a commitment from Muyi Furniture Company due to the inconsistency between the two copies. Ms. Fu, the salesperson of the company, has resigned and cannot be contacted or state the situation at that time. Moreover, there were no quality issues with this set of furniture, so Muyi Company did not engage in any fraudulent behavior. Hengmei Home Furnishing Company stated that the labeling on the customer storage link does not rule out the possibility of Mr. Zhang adding it himself. Hengmei Home is neither the producer nor the seller of this furniture set and should not be held liable for compensation. The court believes that the customer's joint purchase order marked "main material teak, Burmese teak, auxiliary material medium fiberboard" should be regarded as an offer for the material of the furniture sold, that is, the visible surface of this set of furniture should be made of Burmese teak solid wood. As for the purchase order receipt and accounting copy retained by Muyi Company, which do not indicate the furniture material, it does not affect the establishment of the offer. The furniture substrate actually sold by Muyi Furniture Company is medium fiber board, which is sold as inferior and has fraudulent intent and behavior, constituting fraud. As the lessor of the venue, Hengmei Home should also bear joint and several liability for compensation to Mr. Zhang in accordance with the law.
Fuzhou Sunshine Flower Art has been committed to learning flower art and innovating flower gifts for many years. Even in 1997, when flower gift boxes were not yet well-known, Sunshine Flower Art created flower gift box design products. Fuzhou Sunshine Flower Art has always been at the forefront of flower and gift design. The operator Wan Li admits that they are not afraid of their products being imitated, because their innovative spirit is the most valuable asset. The picture is, one of the Sunshine Flower Art Chain Stores. The picture is, and the warm flower gift box design is. The Valentine's Day bouquet made of feathers reminds people of a pure white wedding dress. The picture is, and the natural wooden gift box carries greetings and blessings for the holiday. When you open it, you won't be surprised and exclaim: Wow, it's so cute. Best Brand Promotion Award: Sunshine Flower Art was established in 2001, but its predecessor "Sunshine Flower Art Studio" was born as early as 1991. The trademark pattern of Sunshine Flower Art, "Flower", has a profound design meaning. The two leaves in the center of the inner circle represent the beginning of the pinyin letter "Yang", and the letter "Y" also represents sprouting. The curve below the leaves represents the earth. And the tree stems that grow and sprout, above the leaves, "G" represents the beginning of the pinyin letter "light", which also represents the sun and flowers. Around the year 2000, when flower shop trademark protection was not yet valued by the industry, Sunshine Flower Art successfully registered the trademark protection of "Sunshine Flower" with the State Administration for Industry and Commerce. The advanced recognition of trademark value has enabled the local brand "Sunshine Flower Arrangement" to receive legal protection. In more than a decade of business activities, Sunshine Flower Art has always promoted the "Sunshine Flower" trademark as the top priority. Currently, the three directly operated stores, from large store designs to small packaging, have intentionally highlighted the Sunshine Flower trademark. This long-term persistence has made 'Sunshine Flower' a well-known brand in local flower consumption in Fuzhou.
The competition for American style cabinets is intensifying, and problems such as lampblack still need to be solved. Desperate Housewives returns to the screen, which once again arouses the enthusiasm of countrymen for American style cabinets. The housewife's kitchen is spacious and convenient, and the peaceful rural atmosphere is captivating. Two years ago, Kron Cabinets launched what it claimed to be the first pure American style solid wood cabinet in China. A month ago, Kaikumei participated in the China (Guangzhou) International Cabinet Industry Expo and Brand Franchise Ordering Fair for the first time, vigorously promoting American style solid wood cabinets. The promotion of American style cabinets in the Chinese market is constantly increasing. It is understood that most of the cabinets currently on the market are European style cabinets. There are very few true American style cabinets.   The appearance of American style cabinets is often made of solid wood to create a high cabinet appearance, reinforced by slotting, inlaying, and other methods.   Kaikumei has always focused on the US export market. Due to the poor export market in recent years and optimism about China's gradually rising high-end market, we launched an attack on the domestic American style cabinet market three years ago. Xie Kaiyi, the manager of the Market Development Department, stated that the price of a set of cabinets from Kaikumei, which costs over 100000 yuan, is mainly aimed at targeting high-end domestic villa customers. Due to the long-term focus on the US market, a certain system has been formed. The most difficult part of this shift towards domestic sales is to change the design according to the layout structure in China. In addition, the quality of the range hood is also a decisive factor.     The development of American style cabinets in China still needs improvement in terms of technology. The intensification of competition among domestic and foreign cabinet brands has raised doubts among consumers about the increasing number of American style cabinets in the market. Is domestic American style cabinets comparable to pure American style cabinets?     Selling several well-known brands together, maybe some foreign brands are still pure Chinese made, "he said.   In 2008, the overall market space for kitchen cabinets in China is expected to reach over 30 billion yuan. If a large number of kitchen appliances and equipment are added, the market space is expected to reach 100 billion yuan by 2015. Industry giants are optimistic about the prospects of the cabinet industry, constantly launching new cabinets to attract the attention of new home buyers. With the increasing development of foreign brand cabinets in China, the development of the entire industry has been accelerated. Xie Kaiyi, the manager of the market development department of Kaikumei, said that the development of the entire cabinet industry and the competition between domestic and foreign brands have not yet formed a clear conflict. With the emergence of new domestic brands, the competition between domestic brands is deteriorating. The competition among domestic brands has already surpassed the competition between domestic and foreign brands, "he said helplessly.
Recently, after the renovation project of Ms. Sun's new house in the west of the city had passed halfway, she encountered an unexpected situation: the "Dulux" latex paint provided by the renovation company, which she had always trusted, was actually a "counterfeit" product. In anger, she refused to pay the renovation company for the paint material fee. Ms. Sun has always been busy with work. In order to save time, she specially hired a well-known decoration company for the decoration of her new house. The decoration contract was signed on a "semi package" basis, which means that except for tiles, doors, and integrated cabinets, other decoration materials will be provided by the decoration company. According to Ms. Sun, the person in charge of the decoration company said that in order to ensure the "purity" of the materials and prevent the contractor from falsifying them, all of their materials are specially customized. Unexpectedly, towards the end of the project, Ms. Sun suddenly discovered that the Dulux latex paint provided by this decoration company was counterfeit. What a surprise! It's obvious that it's a counterfeit. The budget was made according to the official brand, and I can't believe that as a well-known decoration company in Hangzhou, it's so blatantly fake. "Ms. Sun said that the paint bucket of the genuine Dulux has the Chinese characters" Dulux "written on it, and the English label is DULUX, while the counterfeit bucket doesn't dare to write the Chinese characters Dulux, and the English label is DULOXUK. And the words' Supervised by Dulux Chemical Group Limited in the UK 'are written in small letters under the bucket. Regarding this, Ms. Sun, who was attentive, went to the company headquarters to request the product qualification certificate and quality inspection report. The materials she received were provided by the "Guangzhou Product Quality Supervision and Inspection Institute", which indicated that the manufacturer was "Guangzhou Omete Coating Factory Co., Ltd." However, she was puzzled that the product name was written as "Huanshi Home Matte Wall Paint" and did not mention Dulux at all. Ms. Sun continued to search online and found that the genuine Dulux Paint does not even have the Huanshi Home series. The real manufacturer of Dulux should be "Bu Neimen Tai Koo Paint Co., Ltd." This is enough to prove that the "Huanshi Home Matte Wall Paint" provided by the decoration company has nothing to do with Dulux. "Ms. Sun said that what is even more interesting is that the budget book in the decoration contract states" Dulux Huanshi Home Latex Paint ", which does not match the actual products provided in the contract. Moreover, the counterfeit paint bucket is prominently printed with the company's special logo. ”Ms. Sun negotiated with the decoration company for the first time, but the other party did not admit that the "Dulux" latex paint provided to Ms. Sun was counterfeit. They only said that if she did not like this brand, she could switch to another brand, but Ms. Sun refused. Finally, after negotiations between both parties, the decoration company reduced the budget for Ms. Sun's new house decoration and painting. Ms. Sun purchased the painting materials herself and hired workers to carry out the construction. Both parties also drafted a written agreement as a guarantee. How can consumers protect their rights if they discover that the materials provided by decoration companies are "fake"? Chen Zhonglu, Deputy Director of Zhejiang Zhe Lian Law Firm, suggested that consumers should first take good care of counterfeit products (such as Ms. Sun's need to take good care of latex paint buckets) as evidence of their rights protection, and protect their rights through the following channels: first, file a complaint with the Consumer Association; The second is to file a lawsuit with the court. After confirming the rights protection, the decoration company has been found to be fake. Consumers can request the decoration company to redo the decoration and bear the losses of overdue delivery. At the same time, they can also demand that the decoration company bear double the decoration costs related to counterfeit products in the contract (such as latex paint decoration costs).
Seemingly of high quality and low price, counterfeit cabinets seize the market opportunity. Since so many people choose workshop cabinets, what are the reasons behind this? According to the survey, low price is the main reason. According to a senior industry insider, cost investment determines product prices. The production line of branded cabinets requires tens of thousands or even millions of initial investment, while workshop cabinets can start production without much investment, mainly due to the low technological content and low entry threshold of the cabinet industry. The cultivation of employees is also essential for brand enterprises, and the investment and output of funds naturally require a certain amount of profit to maintain. In addition, the construction of sales channels is also a major factor in controlling product prices. The rent for the store cannot be compared to the cost of a few picture books from a small cabinet workshop, which has once again taken the lead in price in this round. Cabinets are customized products, which determine their long production cycle. From the sample production of cabinets in the store, to signing sales contracts, to the production and installation of cabinets, the capital recovery cycle is also relatively long, therefore, a large amount of profit is needed for business turnover. Although cabinet workshops may not be as formal and reliable as big brand enterprises in terms of installation and service, they still have their own set of survival rules. The technical content of installing cabinets is relatively low, and often the conflicts are not very prominent as they are already communicated during the early stages of water and electricity improvement. The salesperson of Blue View Lijia Century Cabinet in Dazhong Temple pointed to a cabinet and said to the author, "This is indeed a classic European style cabinet that imitates European style, but our product quality and after-sales service are the same as theirs. But we don't have design costs and advertising costs in it, so our cabinet is very competitive in price." The moderator of a design forum, "Space Spider", told the author that according to his years of experience, the majority of working class consumers choose 1200 yuan/linear meter -2200 yuan/linear meter. The added value of branded cabinets mainly comes from the design and promotional elements of the product, and whether consumers will buy it is still unknown. At present, it seems that the technological content of branded cabinets does not have an absolute advantage compared to ordinary cabinets, and the research and development work is not done well, so it is difficult for other small businesses to form absolute competitiveness in the market after stealing product designs. There is an awkward fact in the Beijing cabinet market: branded cabinets are gaining more and more weight in the entire cabinet market, but over 70% of cabinet product orders still come from unknown or even unbranded private workshops. Small workshop with high sales: Mr. Sun, an employee of a company in Beijing, is currently renovating. Although he has heard about the outrageous high prices of branded cabinets, he was still surprised after wandering around the home furnishing store. He said that for the same cabinet style, installing a kitchen with branded cabinets costs tens of thousands of yuan, while some small brands or workshops only need 3000 to 4000 yuan. Although he knew that there was a certain difference in quality between branded cabinets and non branded cabinets, the huge price difference still led him to choose non branded cabinets. According to Mr. Sun, the majority of his peers have had similar experiences. During my visit, I found that many cabinet workshops have small storefronts, but the foot traffic is not small. Although the single transaction volume is not high, the total transaction volume is also considerable. Especially in the surrounding areas of Beijing, such as Daxing, Changping, Tongzhou, etc., this situation is even more common. Many consumers who come here express that the limitation of decoration funds is the main reason for their choice. In addition to workshop shops, many small home decoration companies can also make cabinets on behalf of others. A consumer surnamed Liu said that if they choose their cabinets while receiving decoration services from home decoration companies, it will greatly save costs and avoid the trouble of changing water and electricity. The "one-stop" service of home decoration companies does indeed avoid a lot of additional investment in decoration for consumers, so it naturally has a great market. A considerable portion of the cabinet market is still dominated by "small brand" cabinet companies. They have their own production base and sales channels, mostly choosing to build factories in the suburbs to reduce production costs, and then earn a certain popularity by selling in the stores. Compared to big brand cabinets, their savings in production costs and sales channels have become the biggest magic weapon. According to the author's investigation, a cabinet product of the same style and craftsmanship can be sold for 3000 yuan/linear meter to 4000 yuan/linear meter by brands such as OPPEIN, Gold Medal, and Kebao, while small brand cabinets only cost 1280 yuan/linear meter. The salesperson said that the price can be further negotiated. This price advantage has also become the main target for many consumers who are intimidated by branded cabinets. The hidden worry under low prices: Although cabinet workshops occupy a certain market share, it cannot be ignored that there are also many problems. Industry insiders remind consumers that some small cabinet workshops are inevitably engaged in guerrilla warfare, and consumers will face certain difficulties when they need to protect their rights. Even if there were no issues at the time, cabinets, as fragile and consumable items, would still have minor problems such as sliding rails in the coming years, making it difficult to find a seller for repairs. The sales manager of a certain cabinet company also told me that there is not much difference between branded and non branded companies when it comes to the use of general moisture-proof boards, large core boards, and other boards. As long as there are no strict requirements for quality of life, general cabinet products can meet the needs of consumers. Existence is reasonable. Despite the huge price difference between branded and non branded cabinet products, many consumers still choose non branded cabinet products. However, the quality, service, and environmental issues that exist in small workshop products are equally profound. Mou Yong, Secretary General of the Kitchen and Bath Industry Chamber of Commerce of Beijing Federation of Industry and Commerce, believes that the market ultimately determines the life and death of cabinet workshops. If they find it difficult to do a good job in product quality and service, it will be difficult for them to occupy the cabinet market in the long run.
At the meeting, industry insiders conducted in-depth exchanges and discussions on how to popularize knowledge about the new category of three-layer solid wood composite flooring products and guide consumers to engage in scientific consumption in the context of the global economic downturn. Sun Jian, Deputy Director of the Wood Industry Office of the State Forestry Administration, introduced at the meeting that the wood flooring industry will belong to the sunrise industry and the wealth industry for a considerable period of time in the future, relying on the growing demand of people's lives and good policies. The continuous upgrading of this industry will bring infinite vitality and energy to the market and industry. The market popularization structure of three-layer solid wood composite flooring is a good direction, and as an important participant in this activity, three-layer solid wood flooring manufacturing enterprises have responded positively, which has provided strong support for this activity. Weng Shaobin, President of Shengxiang Group, told reporters that three-layer solid wood flooring originated in Europe and has become the mainstream solid wood flooring product in the European market. Shengxiang System has introduced and promoted three-layer solid wood flooring for more than ten years. It is very visionary for the industry to promote industrial upgrading with three-layer solid wood flooring today. I fully agree and am willing to work with the industry and other enterprises to achieve this great cause. At present, Shengxiang's three-layer solid wood flooring production base in Danyang has completed the second phase expansion project last year. The annual production capacity of Shengxiang's three-layer solid wood flooring can reach 6 million square meters, covering single panel, single panel, three-layer antique solid wood flooring, as well as various types of decorative three-layer solid wood flooring agricultural products. The scale production capacity of 6 million square meters has significantly adopted advanced international equipment and technology to achieve economies of scale. The pace of three-layer solid wood composite flooring truly entering the mainstream of solid wood flooring consumption has begun.
The first home building materials store in Hunan is about to debut on the eve of this year's National Day. The first home building materials store in Hunan, Jinling Home, will debut on Huangxing North Road in the May 1st commercial district of Changsha, ending the gap in the lack of professional high-end stores in the Hunan home building materials market. Zhou Haijun, Chairman of Jinling Home Furnishings, stated that Jinling Home Furnishings is a high-end home furnishing mall created by Anjule Group with a completely high-end positioning. It will create four firsts in the history of Hunan's home furnishing and building materials market: the first one with a completely famous brand theme, the first one to enter the May Day shopping district, the first home furnishing hardware and software matching, and the first home furnishing department store experiential shopping mall. Zhou Haijun also stated that Jinling Home will meet and lead the high-end consumption trend of home decoration by introducing numerous top-notch decorative products from home and abroad, bringing top-notch home consumption enjoyment to Changsha citizens who pursue high-quality life.
[Topic: CRIC listed on NASDAQ] Sina Home's first phone call connects with 100 industry leaders in the home furnishing industry to listen to their views on the listing of CRIC; Provide constructive advice to Sina Home to create a leading professional media in the industry, and finally send their heartfelt blessings to CRIC and Sina Home. 【 Special Topic: Hundreds of Home Furnishing Celebrities Celebrate the Successful Listing of CRIC 】 The industry exclaimed: With speed and intelligence, it has taken the lead in many home furnishing company CEOs, and expressed admiration for Sina's move. In just one year, it has become so fast on NASDAQ in the United States. While many home media outlets are still searching for funding within the industry, Sina Home has already taken the lead by breaking traditional models and gaining more attention through capital innovation. Beijing Business Daily's Wu Houbin described the listing with two words of astonishment; Liu Chen, Secretary General of the Home Furnishings Branch of the Beijing Marketing Association, referred to Sina Home as the "CCTV of the Internet". When it comes to new media forms such as the internet, which are increasingly controversial and attracting attention in terms of recognition, Liu Changhe, the general manager of Chengwai City, has unique insights: Sina and E-house China jointly went public, which indicates that new media is more recognized and the online media industry is internationally recognized. Cai Ming, the leading figure of Boloni, proposed in a conversation with real estate tycoon Ren Zhiqiang that the listing of CRIC in the real estate and home furnishing industry will be healthier and more transparent, while using intelligence to promote the development of the industry. [Related news: Beijing Business Daily Wu Houbin: CRIC wins admiration with rapid listing (picture) Liu Chen: competes for industry discourse power through listing Liu Changhe: New media is recognized by the world (picture) Cai Ming: CRIC listing will make the real estate and home industry healthier and more transparent], listed companies are increasingly recognized, and the stage is broader. Regarding the views of listed companies, many companies use the word "standardized" to describe them. The launch of CRIC in the United States has attracted global attention. At the same time, it also indicates that more people around the world are paying attention to the home industry and the well-being of Chinese consumers.   After going public, the standardization of enterprises will be subject to more constraints. For example, after going public, investors and monitoring agencies will have higher requirements for the company. Why is it that when it comes to listed companies in China, people tend to recognize them? Because it is more standardized. Zhang Jun, Chairman of Yezhifeng, also mentioned that independent listing will have an independent assessment mechanism, which is more flexible and has a broader platform. 【 Related News: Guo Hui: Vice President of Shengxiang Guo Hui: Listed company heralds more standardized operation, industry peak Zhang Jun: broad platform promotes win-win situation (picture) Yinowei Shen Yang Jianwei: listing makes media more international, Beizhuang Association President Jia Zhongchi: listing will have more motivation for innovation. 】 Home media should be more pragmatic, timely, documentary, and become the best partner for demanders. While CRIC has won applause, in order to let Sina Home take advantage of the listing momentum and create the industry's leading professional media, industry insiders have also put forward impartial opinions. "Fashion Home" Teacher Yin used the six words "pragmatic, timely, and documentary" to provide special and impartial opinions for Sina Home's future development. Pragmatic, to truly understand consumer needs, explore the inner needs of the people, provide more practical information for consumers, and provide more pragmatic information for decorators; And timeliness is the advantage of online media, which can convey the latest information in real time, achieving speed and accuracy. Documentary reporting, reflecting the true voice of the people, rather than becoming a hub for gossip, will lose the leading position of an excellent media in the industry. Yang Jia, the executive editor of Xinjia's "World Home Garden", also hopes that Sina Home will be more pragmatic and have stronger guidance in its future development. Consumers who have demand trust and rely on it. I hope Sina Home can be more authoritative, have a deeper perspective, and become the best partner for demanders.     Related news: Duan Yanling, editor in chief of "Ju": New media has international market appeal, practical creation. Sun Wei: RICS is bound to achieve great results with big actions. Aiyiruis Sui Youbin: Listing makes new media have broad prospects (picture). 100 CEOs discuss CRIC together The impact of going public on the home furnishing industry: (in no particular order) Blue Oriental Yin Yuxin: Sina Home Becomes a Leader in the Industry Nuojie Wang Youbin: Guiding the Standardized Development of the Industry Tang Shaoqun: Sina Home Narrows the Distance between Enterprises and Consumers (Image), Dacheng Cabinets Bian Wei: Listed Companies Have More Credibility, Benefiting Minruijia Flooring Yuan Yide: Guiding the Healthy and Environmental Development of the Home Furnishing Industry Yi Feng Furniture Wen Shiquan: Correctly Guiding the Healthy Development of the Home Furnishing Industry Oriental Baisheng Shao Xianqiang: Promoting the Home Furnishing Industry to a New Level Shengxiang Vice President Guo Hui: Listed Companies Predict More Standardized Operations, New Home "World Home Garden" Editor in Chief Yang Jia: Looking Forward to Becoming Authoritative Media Design Expert Zhu Hongge: CRIC   TATA Wu Chenxi: Leju Listing Certificate International's Confidence in China's Real Estate Industry (Image), Holy Point Li Jian: Looking forward to another high ground for Leju (Image), Qingzhou Chen Geng: The Responsibility of Advantageous Media on the Shoulder (Image), Chengcheng outside the City Liu Changhe: New Media Recognized by the World (Image), Yinowei Shen Yang Jianwei: Listing Makes Media More Internationalized Blue Scenery Lijia Yin Bo: Leju's Ideas Clear and Innovative Development (Image), Dongyi Risheng Chen Hui: Leju Developing Better with the East Wind of Listing (Image), Industry Peak Zhang Jun: Wide Platform Promotes Multi win Situation (Image), Beizhuang Association President Jia Zhongchi: Listing Will Be More Motivated to Innovate, Jiahe Jiameitian Yun: Going public enhances reputation and strength, demonstrates practical achievements. Sun Wei: RICS Big moves are bound to bring great achievements. Duan Yanling, editor in chief of "Ju": New media has international market appeal, Aiyiruis Sui Youbin: Going public makes new media have broad prospects (picture), Jiusheng Zhang Enjiu: Recognizing Leju's professionalism and netizen quality (picture), Mark Sun Shoujiang: Capital operation improves enterprise development speed (picture), Minlong Ceramics Chen Jinlin: Willing to become a firm and solid bridge in the industry (picture), Top 100 Chen Xiaotai: Willing Leju to become the first brand of Chinese home media (picture), Mingren Qin Qi: Expanding influence and expanding large platforms (picture)
Leather furniture lacks security standards, how can citizens' health be guaranteed? According to the "Dahe Daily" on August 14th, a resident in Zhengzhou City spent a high price of 14000 yuan to purchase a "Gu Jia Craft" leather sofa, which not only did not bring a warm and comfortable environment to their home, but also constantly emitted a pungent odor. Opening windows for ventilation, and even buying an electric fan to blow continuously, could not improve indoor air quality. An indoor environmental governance service center in Zhengzhou conducted air sampling and testing in its living room, and the results showed that formaldehyde exceeded the standard by 3.5 times. The salesperson insisted that there was no problem with the product quality, but later the resident reported to the industry and commerce, quality inspection and other departments, only to be informed that there is currently no national authoritative standard and it cannot be tested. Observing this event, we can easily touch upon some intriguing things. Nowadays, with the development of China's economy, people are paying more and more attention to food safety and quality in daily life. The country has also established many laws and standards related to food safety, and even set limit standards for the allowable residue of pesticides, fertilizers, and other harmful substances in food to solve the green barriers of agricultural and sideline products in international trade.   In contrast, it is not difficult to find that in today's world where food safety is highly concerned, the safety of furniture that everyone uses every day seems somewhat neglected. Although food is of paramount importance to the people, besides food, clothing, food, housing, and transportation are also essential in our daily lives. Whether their safety meets the standards also affects the quality of life and even physical health of citizens. We know that the development of testing standards in a certain field is a long and complex process, which requires the country to formulate specific experimental methods and standards. Only then can the testing department sample and analyze the content based on the specific experimental methods, compare the results with the experimental standards, and finally draw a conclusion on whether it exceeds the standard. On the other hand, in reality, the GB18548-2001 standard for the limit of harmful substances in indoor decoration materials and wooden furniture only applies to wooden furniture made of density board and particleboard for testing, while there is currently no corresponding testing standard for leather furniture such as leather sofas in the country. That is to say, even if consumers provide a test report, it can only indicate that the formaldehyde in the living room air exceeds the standard, but cannot prove that it is caused by leather furniture. We cannot help but ask: Does the lack of inspection standards mean that people's quality of life has no right to be guaranteed? As is well known, citizens' rights protection mainly relies on laws and regulations issued by the state. Therefore, without institutional standards as a backing, the testing work cannot begin, and it is even more difficult to determine whether there is infringement. Generally speaking, leather contains more or less formaldehyde, which is related to the processing technology. Even if the various raw materials used to make leather furniture pass the inspection, it does not necessarily mean that the finished products produced are problem free. However, due to the lack of authoritative testing standards in this regard, many manufacturers easily exploit "security loopholes", and the "toxic" sofas they produce can naturally sell well without obstruction, ultimately harming the health of the people themselves. Even if there is public feedback, the incident will eventually be quietly covered up. Why is that? Because without standards, there is no basis, and the chances of success, whether seeking compensation or appealing, are extremely slim. After analysis, it is not difficult to find that technical reasons are not the core of the problem. Nowadays, high-end technology and precision instruments can help us detect whether leather furniture is qualified. Undoubtedly, the key to the problem is that the country has a "standard" gap in this regard, and has not given due attention to the quality of leather furniture. The media and public opinion have also not played their due supervisory role, which has led to the embarrassing situation of people's rights protection difficulties. We earnestly call on relevant departments to strengthen the regulation of the market for some lifestyle products while the country is enthusiastic about building a legal society and improving various laws and regulations, and to quickly establish "technical barriers" for leather furniture security checks to ensure that people have standards to follow when safeguarding their own rights and interests.
Bai Jianfeng: If consumers are not clear about environmental protection concepts, a simple way is to recognize the brand. Yang Yi: Mr. Bai Jianfeng, Chairman of Elvis Presley Furniture, can talk about it. Bai Jianfeng: From the perspective of consumers, the first two CEOs talked a lot about professional knowledge in the field of sheet metal. If consumers do not have knowledge of sheet metal, the simplest way is to recognize the brand. Behind the brand lies the commitment and responsible attitude of the enterprise organization to consumers. The core of the brand is to look at the organization and value orientation, and this value orientation is what kind of valuable products and services the organization must provide to customers. EGB is a leader in the global sheet metal industry, and I have visited EGB factories in Germany and Austria multiple times. Ten years ago, Mr. Zhou from Feimei and I went to visit the large scale of the Aige board factory. In terms of environmental protection, as the host just mentioned, it's not just about unilaterally using EGGER panels to improve the air quality in our homes. This is just our focus. At the manufacturer, our focus is on the health of customers, their families, and the safety of children's growth. However, materials are only a part of our products, and we also consider practicality, durability, and safety in our work. In terms of environmental protection, health, and safety, companies that use EGGER sheets focus on these three key points to provide customers with more benefits. Super E0 board was launched by us in 2009, and it is a type of board that does not contain any formaldehyde additives as mentioned by Mr. Zhong just now. The environmental protection concept of protecting global forest resources has made EGGER board a global leader in artificial boards through over 40 years of continuous research and technological innovation.  
The conference focused on the theme of "Focusing on East China, Promoting the full integration of the industrial chain". During the conference, renowned scholars, experts, and entrepreneurs from the real estate, decoration, and kitchen and bathroom parts industries gathered together to explore the challenges and opportunities of the "high-end decoration era" and look forward to new ideas for the development of the kitchen and bathroom industry in 2010. Hu Yanan was interviewed on-site. Here is the interview transcript: Reporter: Hello, Hu Mi. Thank you very much for accepting our interview so late. Please briefly introduce the situation of this year's annual meeting. Hu Yanan: Thank you to all the media friends who participated in this annual meeting, including you, for their full attention and coverage. Personally, I think the annual meeting was quite successful. In the morning, the two presidents of the council, Yao Liangsong and Xie Yuerong, and the members reported on the work situation in 2009 and looked forward to the work plan for 2010.   In the first conversation afterwards, experts and enterprises from the real estate, decoration, and kitchen and bathroom parts industries discussed the three keywords of trends, standards, and collaboration around the "opportunities and challenges of the refined decoration era". Among them, Gu Yunchang, Vice President of the China Real Estate Society, believes that "residential refined decoration" will have rapid development in the next three to five years; Professor Zhou Yanmin from the School of Architecture at Tsinghua University gave a detailed introduction to the development trend of housing structures in the next few years and provided substantial guidance for the product research and development of kitchen and bathroom parts enterprises; Director Gu from the Technology and Quality Department of China Building Standards Design and Research Institute briefly communicated with everyone about the "Kitchen and Bathroom Fine Decoration" standard jointly prepared by the Kitchen and Bathroom Committee of China Decoration Association and the Standards Institute next year, and introduced the difference between mandatory and recommended standards, as well as the current work done by China to promote the implementation of standards; Chief Engineer Ma Yunyu analyzed the issues that kitchen and bathroom parts enterprises and real estate decoration enterprises should pay attention to from the perspective of the overall development of residential industrialization; Afterwards, in the "collaboration" section, Mr. Gu Guohua, the leader of the National Research Group on Industrialization of Building Decoration Industry, briefly introduced the achievements of industrialization development in China's building decoration industry through six years of research and practice. From the perspective of component enterprises, he analyzed that when standards encounter non standards, that is, when cooperating with the building decoration industry with low standardization, component enterprises should first establish their own system and adopt the principle of flexible adaptation to cooperate;   The topics for discussion in the second half will be more broad. From macro to people's livelihood, there are both. The kitchen and bathroom industry is closely related to people's livelihood, just like the host Mr. Li Zhiqi's first question, starting from daily grocery shopping, the inflation problem is pushed to Chairman Yao Liangsong. The answer given by Mr. Yao is that the CPI for people's livelihood consumption will exceed 3%, which will also bring a new round of cost increases and price hikes to the kitchen and bathroom industry; During the speech by Arrow Chairman Xie Yuerong, a similar viewpoint was expressed that in the face of optimistic market demand, prices will rise with demand, but only at a slight profit. I hope that enterprises can move towards group and modern development, so as to share resources effectively; During the discussion of ideas, Liu Dinghe, the General Manager of Beite, continued his usual fast style. In his swift words, he had a premonition that the company's annual development would be good and stable before May 2010; Xu Jianzhong, the marketing director of Eagle Brand, spoke in terms of data and expressed his concern about the foam economy in front of hard numbers; The gold medal winning General Manager Zhang Xuezhi further suspects that the rapid development of China's real estate economy will hijack other industries. We hope that all the guests present can discuss this together; Mr. Pan, a former national land appraiser, humorously said, "I accidentally started working in the cabinet industry in 1997 and regret it. Humorously bringing out the classic topic that enterprises should do their job well and do what they should do well will definitely lead to long-term development; If a company develops well, it generally aims to go public. In the forum, Mr. Xu Bo, a PE expert, suggested that standardization should be followed before going public, and that internal skills should be fully developed before having strong growth after going public. At the closing stage of the forum, leaders of various companies were encouraged by the law of three or four to express their development strategies for 2010, whether they were expansion oriented, contraction oriented, or stable oriented. This authentic and candid industry disclosure made the guests in the audience applaud repeatedly.   This year's "Top 100 Chinese Kitchen and Bath Enterprises" brochure uses environmentally friendly paper to express the support of the top 100 enterprises for low-carbon economy. The bilingual introduction of the enterprises in Chinese and English provides a better carrier for the promotion of the top 100 enterprises. Reporter: The on-site construction of this year's conference has created a lot of atmosphere for the conference. Is there any other purpose besides the atmosphere? Hu Yanan: We have fully displayed the list of participating companies and photos of some of their CEOs in the hope that all participating companies will have the opportunity to make an appearance. We have also set up a TV wall this time, and all participating companies have the right to showcase their promotional videos. In addition, we have informed everyone in advance of the seating arrangement for our dinner party to facilitate communication. Reporter: Do you think there are any shortcomings in today's meeting? Hu Yanan: There are too many areas where we need to work hard. Firstly, the details of the forum are not well grasped, and our original intention is not fully demonstrated. The selection and approach of the theme report and dialogue guests determine the atmosphere and resonance of the attendees. However, not all dialogue guests have both industry status, research background, and the ability to give public speeches directly to the topic. If the speaking time is controlled, the topic is easy to be difficult to discuss; Not controlling time can cause a lot of procrastination. This year's conference was delayed due to the forum schedule, which resulted in dinner being postponed. Therefore, I am not very satisfied with the time management and forum content this time. I will definitely pay attention to this aspect next time and take this opportunity to express my sincere apologies to the guests attending. Reporter: This time, 25 real estate developers, 30 decoration companies, and nearly 400 kitchen and bathroom parts companies came in groups, including Shengzhou, Pinghu Xindai, Fenghua Jiangkou, and Jiaxing Wangdian. Everyone recognized the strong atmosphere of upstream and downstream communication in this conference. Have you achieved your main goal! Hu Yanan: Promoting upstream and downstream communication and cooperation is just one of our purposes. I believe our main responsibility is to enhance the discourse power of kitchen and bathroom parts enterprises in cooperation with real estate and decoration enterprises by building a platform for upstream and downstream communication. Compared with the real estate and decoration industries, the kitchen and bathroom industries have a shorter development history and a smaller industry scale, which not only reduces their discourse power, but also reduces the opportunities for the characteristics of kitchen and bathroom products to be fully understood by the upstream industry. This has led to some matters related to industry cooperation, such as cooperation and standard formulation, always considering problems from the perspective of dominant industries, without taking into account the situation and actual needs of parts enterprises, making kitchen and bathroom enterprises very passive. Cooperation can only be smooth on the basis of mutual understanding. I think achieving this goal is of great significance for the development of the kitchen and bathroom industry and the collaboration of the entire industry chain. thank you!
Kohler Combination Hydraulic Massage Bathtub Design Concept: Kohler Combination Hydraulic Massage Bathtub series products, with the perfect combination of effervescent massage, hydraulic massage, back massage, neck massage and different levels of intensity, zone controlled massage experience, can provide a comprehensive combination massage for the whole body. The flexible nozzle can freely adjust the size of the water flow, the ratio of water flow to air flow, and the direction of water flow, providing strong hydraulic massage to the muscles of the body. SPA realm: Comprehensive combination massage relaxation, soothing body pain, providing luxurious enjoyment like therapy, bringing a feeling of rejuvenation to bathers. Special presentation: While providing you with a luxurious bathing experience, there are also colorful lights that bring extraordinary visual enjoyment. Relax and wander freely in the cycle of colorful waves.
Milan Returns to Design Scene - Interview Guests As an annual event in the design industry, Milan Design Week has always attracted top designers, design and product companies, and media from around the world with cutting-edge and high-quality designs and products. During Milan Design Week, ABITARE China tirelessly visited a variety of exhibition areas, including Milan Furniture Fair and Satellite Salon, in order to seek first-hand fresh content and draw creative inspiration.  
Western style integrated kitchen decoration is difficult to meet the needs of Chinese households. Nowadays, integrated furniture and complete sets of furniture are ubiquitous in the market. When choosing furniture, consumers generally buy ready-made items from furniture stores instead of buying wood and hiring workers for customization, which indeed saves a lot of customization trouble. However, when choosing furniture with only standard specifications, troubles in use can sometimes arise one after another. The popularity of cabinets is not unrelated. And when consumers choose, perhaps due to the dominance of style or the current market situation, more and more families are choosing open style Western kitchens.   Some consumers said that, first of all, the height of the overall cabinet is inconvenient. Because Westerners are generally tall, the height of the kitchen hanging cabinet is very high. For many Chinese, it is inconvenient to store and open such hanging cabinet, and the function of the cabinet is greatly reduced. Secondly, the height of the table top also faces the same problem. Many Chinese people have to put something under their feet to cook comfortably in front of the standard western kitchen table top. Moreover, due to the simplicity of Western cuisine, the establishment and allocation of operating areas are also relatively simple, which directly affects the cooking efficiency of the kitchen. Finally, there are a lot of pots and pans in Chinese kitchens, and they also have high requirements for the storage capacity and differentiation ability of cabinets, which is also the lack of Western style overall cabinets. From this perspective, there are indeed many inconveniences in the actual use of integrated cabinets, and the key point is how to better localize Western style kitchens in China.       The overall practical function of the bathroom is too limited. With people's renewed understanding of bathroom space, the separation of dry and wet areas has also been recognized by consumers, and the function of separating dry and wet areas has naturally been taken over by shower rooms. The overall shower room can be considered the aristocrat of the shower room family. It not only has a beautiful appearance, but also has a variety of additional functions, making "bathing" transcend "bathing" and become more comfortable and enjoyable. Some consumers believe that the overall use of the bathroom has indeed purified the environment of their own bathroom, but bathing has not become as comfortable as bathing. Firstly, the overall floor of the bathroom is often very high, and when taking a shower, it is necessary to step in first. For young people, this is not a big deal, but the high floor has become an obstacle for the elderly and children when taking a shower. Secondly, each overall bathroom has its own standard specifications, so its space often brings a "squeezing feeling" to bathers. For people who are tall or overweight, the overall bathroom cannot provide enough space for them to bathe. In addition, the overall bathroom also has requirements for the area of the bathroom. Therefore, consumers should not only pay attention to the area and height of the bathroom when purchasing, but also pay attention to measuring and planning pipelines, circuits, etc. before basic decoration.
Here's a tip for you: When the plum rain season comes, how can you protect your home from moisture? Recently, there have been several consecutive rainstorm in Nanjing, and the humid air has permeated the whole city. You will inadvertently find that the items placed in a corner are moldy. During the rainy season, moisture prevention is always the most concerning issue for housewives. How to prevent moisture from several large items in the home, such as household appliances, flooring, and furniture? The reporter invites experts to provide you with tips one by one. Home appliances should be placed in a ventilated area to prevent moisture. The main reason why appliances are afraid of moisture is that moisture can lead to bacterial growth and electrical leakage. So how should we handle it specifically? Firstly, it is advisable to place large household appliances in ventilated areas, such as washing machines, which are best removed from the bathroom and placed in elevated positions to keep them dry and comfortable. In addition, when the weather is humid, it is also the correct practice to put household appliances into standby mode, because during standby, the working parts such as transformers inside the machine will emit a certain amount of heat, which helps to dissipate the moisture inside the machine. Some household appliances, such as televisions and computers, have many small holes on their outer shells, through which dust particles can enter the interior of the appliances over time. The humid weather can cause condensation with dust, leading to problems such as circuit breakers and electrical leakage in household appliances. For this, users can use a hair dryer to blow up, down, left, and right through the small holes on the outer shell of the appliance, dispersing the dust and moisture inside the appliance. In addition, moisture-proof masks, desiccants, and other moisture-proof products currently available on the market are also good choices. Experts remind that for appliances that have been in use for a certain period of time, when problems occur, it is necessary to have professional maintenance personnel come to maintain and clean the internal dust. Do not do it yourself casually to prevent the danger of electric leakage. The floor is moisture-proof and should not be dragged with water or a damp mop. Wooden floors that have become damp are prone to arching and warping, which is very unsightly. If you are renovating, you need to do a good job in preventing moisture from wooden floors. During floor construction, moisture-proof and insect proof treatment must be carried out first. Insect proof powder should be sprinkled first, and then moisture-proof paper (film) should be laid. The moisture-proof paper (film) should be stacked on top of each other by more than 20cm and should be laid 10cm above the bottom of the wall. If the installation site is temporarily unoccupied, indoor air circulation should be maintained, and plastic or newspaper should not be used to cover it, so as not to cause the surface paint film to stick and lose luster for a long time. In addition, if the outdoor humidity is higher than the indoor humidity, doors and windows can be tightly closed to maintain a low indoor humidity. If the outdoor humidity is lower than the indoor humidity, doors and windows can be opened to reduce indoor humidity. When encountering humid and hot weather, you can turn on the air conditioning and electric fan; Long term exposure to strong sunlight or rapid fluctuations in humidity in the room can cause premature aging of solid wood flooring paint. Expert reminder: During the rainy season, it is not advisable to use water or damp mop to mop the floor. If the floor is accidentally wet by rainwater, it should be promptly dried with cotton cloth. Do not use an electric heater to dry or expose it to sunlight. Furniture should be moisture-proof. Laying newspapers can absorb moisture. There are many types of furniture and home accessories, so it is necessary to do a good job in moisture-proof protection of the home environment. When humid air strikes, it is best not to open windows for ventilation, because the air blowing from the south is the most humid, and furniture can become moldy if not handled properly. According to Feng Zaobing, the supervisor of Gonghao, it is best to open windows for two hours a day to ventilate and keep furniture dry and ventilated. "If it is a room where you are staying, furniture generally meets the standard for moisture, so as long as you pay attention to regular ventilation, there is no need to keep windows open." In addition, many soft furnishings in the home, such as sofas, carpets, blankets, pillows, and even plush toys, may be affected by moisture. For fabric sofas and carpets, it is important to regularly remove dust from their surfaces, and if necessary, gently blow them with a hair dryer to help dispel moisture. As soon as the weather clears up, it's important to seize the opportunity to expose damp home decor to the sun. Iron furniture is best wiped with clean water or a gentle cleaning agent. If it encounters humid weather, it is best to clean it with a dry cloth. If it is solid wood furniture, it should be coated with specialized cleaning agent and gently wiped. Expert reminder: Opening the wardrobe door for a long time can provide ventilation and prevent mold, but it also generates a lot of dust. You can lay newspapers at the bottom of the wardrobe or even stick them on the inside of the cabinet door to absorb moisture and achieve anti mold effect; The smell of ink on newspapers can also repel insects.
Faenza has been creating a top-level bathroom tile promotion feast for ten years. Since 1999, Faenza bathroom has vigorously expanded into the domestic market and has gone through a glorious decade, developing into a leading brand in the domestic bathroom industry. It has always been revered as the carrier of the bathroom industry. As a leading brand in the industry, Fansha has always been committed to providing consumers with high-quality bathroom life. For the past decade, we have been creating beautiful, elegant, and artistic bathroom spaces for consumers with high-quality products, excellent service concepts, and innovative designs that lead the trend. Faenza grasps the market development trend and strongly launches Faenza tiles, leveraging its overall supporting advantages to drive the high-end bathroom market. Provide consumers with a one-stop shopping option for home decoration. In order to thank new and old customers for their support and love for Faenza over the past ten years, Faenza has launched a large-scale promotional activity in the national market with the theme of "six supreme privileges, playing the music of ten years of prosperity", condensing the essence of ten years of development, gathering the high-quality products developed over the past ten years, adhering to the concept of ten years of quality service, sending the most impressive national gift of prosperity in the past ten years, giving back to consumers across the country with six supreme privileges, and presenting consumers with a ten year bathroom and ceramic tile feast that is popular throughout the country. This time, the large-scale promotional event for the 10th anniversary celebration of Farnsha showcases the glory and brilliance of Farnsha's development over the past decade, and these successes will be shared with loyal consumers of Farnsha. The national terminal unified material promotion image has formed a grand terminal discount activity nationwide, creating a top-level bathroom feast and further occupying a favorable position in the new market pattern. Six supreme privileges: Supreme privilege 1: Service upgrade, worry free throughout the process Supreme privilege 2: Enjoy fun and "earn", enjoy unlimited discounts Supreme privilege 3: Ten years of seeking fate, ultimate free single Supreme privilege 4: Bathroom for ten years, ceramic tile gift Supreme privilege 5: Retail investors group together, affordable new highlights Supreme privilege 6: Free selection of packages, buy more and be more affordable During the event, who will become the destined person of Faenza? Where will Farnsha give away the Ten Year Longevity Gift? Come and participate in the activity, unravel the mystery, perhaps the lucky one is you!
Real estate agencies involved in illegal activities dominate the decoration market. (Reporter Liu Yang, Correspondent Zhen?) Using legitimate real estate companies as cover, they have long been gathering black and evil forces to force transactions, extort, provoke trouble, and maliciously monopolize the decoration market. On July 14th, the Chaoyang police dismantled the criminal gang and detained 9 suspects. One of the key members is Qi Zhengwei, the legal representative of Green Sun Real Estate Company. According to the police, members of the gang do not usually keep in touch with each other. Since mid August last year, a gang of evil forces has been threatening each other with words and monopolizing the decoration market in the Guanzhuang area; Smashing stores late at night, extortion, and forcibly demanding compensation. The Chaoyang Criminal Investigation Detachment, together with the Criminal Investigation Corps, established a special task force. After several months of investigation, the main suspects such as Liu Qingwen and Qi Zhengwei were identified. Liu Qingwen, nicknamed "Second Brother", has been raising more than 20 thugs for a long time. Liu's subordinates include five key members: Qi Zhengwei, Jiang Hailong, Fan Yongming, Hu Yu, and Wang Feihu. Among them, Qi Zhengwei is the legal representative of Beijing Green Sunrise Real Estate Brokerage Co., Ltd., mainly engaged in the second-hand real estate business. It is understood that Qi Zhengwei is responsible for gathering the thugs and monopolizing the decoration materials market of Xintiandi Community under the cover of Green Xuri Real Estate Co., Ltd; Jiang Hailong is responsible for driving Liu Qingwen and overseeing the nightclub that Liu Qingwen is preparing to open; Fan Yongming is responsible for monopolizing the building materials business in Berlin Aile Community under the cover of Xuri Real Estate Company; Hu Yu monopolized the business of building accessories in Xintiandi Community under the cover of Sunrise Real Estate Company. The members of the gang usually live separately and do not communicate with each other. When committing crimes, they contact each other by phone and gather directly at designated locations. Nine suspects have been criminally detained. On July 14th, investigators successfully controlled Liu Qingwen on the Beijing Shenyang Expressway. Ten minutes later, four more suspects were taken under control. Subsequently, based on the clues, the investigators controlled Qi Zhengwei and two others who attempted to escape under the Hongyan Bridge. After interrogation, Liu Qingwen and others confessed to the criminal facts without hesitation. At present, 9 suspects including Liu Qingwen and Qi Zhengwei have been criminally detained by Chaoyang Branch, and the case is undergoing further trial. -, three crimes involved in the case 1. Smashing the decorator of the community to monopolize last year, Ms. Zhang opened a decoration company in Xintiandi Community. In the middle of August, four or five members of the gang came to the company, threatened her not to operate here, forcibly removed the company's signs and billboards, and repeatedly smashed and attached them to the store. This group of people not only smashed the store, but also intentionally collided with the truck supplying sand to the community by driving, forcibly demanding more than 10000 yuan in compensation from the victim by bumping into porcelain, and threatening him not to continue delivering sand. On October 10th, a sand truck attempted to enter the residential area but was stopped by security guards without a license. In the following days, the guards were also beaten. On the evening of March 30th this year, Qi Zhengwei claimed that he wanted to rent a storefront in the south of Shuangliu Community in Chaoyang District. After being refused by the landlord, Qi Zhengwei gathered Chen Long and others to drive to the entrance of the community. Qi took out three fire axes from the car and gave them to them, then started smashing the doors and windows of the store. It is reported that Qi Zhengwei and others vandalized stores for three consecutive days on March 30th, March 31st, and April 2nd, each time lasting no more than 2 minutes. After committing the crime, they quickly fled the scene by car. 3. Pretending that the car was not repaired and extorting compensation, the suspect Hu Yu's subordinates also followed Ma Zai. In June last year, a extortion case in Changying area was related to him. At around 21:00 on June 4th, Mr. Yang, who runs an auto repair shop, suddenly received a call from a shop assistant: a car owner forcibly demanded that Mr. Yang purchase this Audi car for 1.5 million yuan, citing that the car had not been repaired. After being rejected, the other party injured Mr. Yang. The next afternoon, the other party drove Mr. Yang to the bank, forcibly transferred 500000 yuan from his bank card, and forced him to write a promissory note of 1 million yuan.     The security guard said that every time they smashed the store, it was in the afternoon, with 5 or 6 people coming at a time. They were physically strong, holding iron bars with thick arms, and looked like professional thugs in entertainment venues. The smashing speed is quite fast, just leave without saying anything. "The security guard said that he had seen a smash once with his own eyes, which instantly smashed six stores. By the time the police arrived, the person who smashed the store had already run away. Sometimes, even before our security guards gather, people run away, "the security guard said. At that time, the upstairs and basement were connected, and those people would run upstairs as soon as they escaped, but the security guard couldn't find them. Employee: It's said that the boss likes to fight at: Xuri Real Estate Store Employee: It's said that the boss likes to fight at Green Xuri Real Estate Company under Qi Zhengwei's name mainly deals in second-hand real estate business, which has three stores in Xintiandi Community, Berlin Aile Community and Dingfuzhuang West Street. At noon yesterday, the reporter came to Xintiandi Community. The store of Sunrise Real Estate was located on the street to the south of the community and was still in normal operation. Five or six clerks were inside and outside the store, and occasionally there were customers passing by to consult the house. I just heard about this, and now the business is doing well. I'm worried that I won't be able to pay my salary in the future, "said shop assistant Xiaohua (pseudonym). In mid July, police came to the store to search and recorded the ID information of all the shop assistants. It was only then that he found out that the boss was under police control. Xiaohua said that she has never seen the boss before, but she heard that the boss likes to fight and fight on a daily basis. She hopes this matter will not affect the operation of the store. Our reporter, Liu Yang
Old accounts of Luo Lai Home Textile have been exposed, and the signature of the second shareholder selling shares at a 10% discount is suspected to be forged, selling net assets of 50 million yuan or even more for 5 million yuan. Do you believe it? Former shareholder Gu Qingsheng of Luo Lai Home Textile Co., Ltd. (referred to as Luo Lai Home Textile, formerly known as Luo Lai Home Furnishings) did just that. On December 21, 2006, American businessman Gu Qingsheng transferred his 38.53% stake in Lolei Home for a total of 5 million yuan. As of December 31, 2006, the net assets of Luo Lai Home Textile were 127707873.51 yuan, of which Gu Qingsheng's corresponding net assets were approximately 50 million yuan. It is also confusing that during the signing process of the relevant documents of Luo Lai Home Furnishing Company, Gu Qingsheng's signature was different. In June 2002, the predecessor of Luo Lai Home Textile, Luo Lai Home Furnishings Co., Ltd. (referred to as Luo Lai Home), was established with a registered capital of $120000. Among them, Gu Qingsheng contributed 29990 US dollars, accounting for 24.99% of the registered capital, and Shanghai Luolai Home Textile Co., Ltd. (referred to as Shanghai Luolai) contributed 750000 RMB (equivalent to 90010 US dollars) to hold 75.01% of the shares. The actual controller of Shanghai Luolai is Xue Weicheng. The company was established in Shanghai in 1999 with a registered capital of 1 million yuan; In April 2006, the company was renamed as Shanghai Luolai Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. (referred to as Luolai Holdings). The Morning Post reporter obtained an introduction document of Luo Lai Home Furnishings. The document is titled 'Approval for the Establishment of Nantong Luolai Home Furnishings Co., Ltd.' and was issued by the Management Committee of Nantong Economic and Technological Development Zone on May 17, 2002. The document states that the board of directors of Luo Lai Home is composed of Xue Weicheng, Xue Weibin, and Gu Qingsheng. Among them, Xue Weicheng serves as the chairman, Gu Qingsheng as the vice chairman, and Xue Weibin as a director. The company's product scale is: annual production of 100000 pieces (sets) of clothing and apparel, 100000 pieces (sets) of dormitory textiles, 100000 meters of fabric printing and dyeing processing, and 200000 pieces of plastic packaging products. In August 2003, Luo Lai Home made its first capital increase and share expansion. Among them, Gu Qingsheng contributed 452112 US dollars, and Shanghai Luolai contributed 5.2 million RMB (equivalent to 629174.33 US dollars). Gu Qingsheng's shareholding ratio increased to 40.13%. In October 2005, Luolai Home absorbed and merged Nantong Luolai Bedroom Supplies Co., Ltd. (referred to as Luolai Bedroom). Afterwards, Gu Qingsheng's shareholding ratio decreased to 38.53%, and the registered capital of Luo Lai Home increased to 1.78 million US dollars. In December 2006, Gu Qingsheng, a shareholder of Luo Lai Home, transferred all of his shares in Luo Lai Home for a total price of 5 million yuan. Among them, Nantong Zhongbang Investment Management Co., Ltd. (referred to as Nantong Zhongbang) acquired 13.53% at a price of 2 million yuan; Weijia International Enterprise Co., Ltd. (referred to as Weijia International) acquired 25% of the shares for a price of 3 million yuan. The financial statements of Luo Lai Home in 2006 showed that the consolidated net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company was 49249157.25 yuan. According to Gu Qingsheng's shareholding ratio, he can receive a dividend of 18.96 million yuan. If calculated based on the net assets of the company in 2006 (127707873.51 yuan), Gu Qingsheng's net shareholding value is nearly 50 million yuan, which is far from the transfer price of 5 million yuan. The explanation given in the prospectus is that Gu Qingsheng has never participated in the operation and management of Rolai Home since he invested in the establishment of Rolai Home in May 2002. At the end of 2006, Gu Qingsheng, due to urgent financial needs, was willing to transfer all of his shares in Lolai Home Furnishings, and the price was negotiated based on the original capital contribution of the transferor. On December 21, 2006, Luo Lai Holdings and Nantong Zhongbang signed the "Equity Transfer Agreement of Nantong Luo Lai Home Furnishings Co., Ltd.", transferring 6.47% of its equity in Luo Lai Home Furnishings to Nantong Zhongbang at a transfer price of RMB 900000. On the same day, Gu Qingsheng, Nantong Zhongbang, and Weijia International respectively signed the "Equity Transfer Agreement of Nantong Luo Lai Home Furnishings Co., Ltd.", transferring 13.53% of its equity in Luo Lai Home Furnishings to Nantong Zhongbang at a transfer price of RMB 2 million, and transferring 25% of its equity in Luo Lai Home Furnishings to Nantong Zhongbang. The equity was transferred to Weijia International at a transfer price of RMB 3 million. In other words, the equity transfer agreement signed on December 21, 2006, Gu Qingsheng should have been present and signed. However, the Morning Post reporter found that the signature of Gu Qingsheng in the equity transfer agreement was significantly different from that in the Joint Venture Letter of Intent. On the resolutions of the board of directors for the capital increase of Lolai Home Furnishings, the letter of intent for Lolai Home Textiles to establish a joint venture with Gu Qingsheng to establish Nantong Laiya Home Furnishings, and the agreement for Gu Qingsheng to transfer equity of Lolai Home Furnishings to Weijia International, Gu Qingsheng's three signature handwriting is clearly different. The old accounts of Luo Lai Home Textile have been exposed, and the signatures of the two shareholders who sold shares at a 10% discount are suspected to have forged the "Joint Venture Intention Letter" signed on April 1, 2002. The content is: Shanghai Luo Lai and American businessman Gu Qingsheng jointly established Nantong Lai Ya Home Decoration Products Co., Ltd. (referred to as "Lai Ya Home Decoration"), with a registered capital of 120000 US dollars, Shanghai Luo Lai contributed 90000 US dollars, and Gu Qingsheng contributed 30000 US dollars. The address of the joint venture company, registered capital amount, shareholders, and their capital contributions in the "Letter of Intent for Joint Venture" are consistent with the "Equity Transfer Agreement of Nantong Luolai Home Furnishings Co., Ltd." signed by Nantong Economic and Technological Development Zone. Therefore, Laiya Home Furnishings should be Nantong Luolai Home Furnishings. So, which one is Gu Qingsheng's signature? A lawyer in Shanghai analyzed that the "Letter of Intent for Joint Venture" is usually signed by myself. As for the equity transfer agreement, legally speaking, one form is for me (Gu Qingsheng) to personally sign it, and the other is to issue an authorization letter for the authorized agent to be responsible. In this case, the final signature of the equity agreement should be in the form of "specially authorized agent XX" or "XX acting shareholder (Gu Qingsheng)". Therefore, an article on the blog of famous financial expert Xia Cao questioned that Gu Qingsheng may have made false contributions because Sino foreign joint ventures can obtain tax incentives. From 2005 to June 30, 2009, Lolai Home Textiles enjoyed a total of approximately 56.7 million yuan in tax incentives. Regarding this, Wu Xianzhong, the secretary of the board of directors of Luo Lai Home Textile, stated that Gu Qingsheng's investment and transfer were voluntary, and his signature was also personally signed by himself. As for the difference in signature handwriting, "Gu Qingsheng can also sign his English name." "Earlier this year, because of this issue, Gu Qingsheng specially came back from the United States for an interview, and lawyers from Ping An Securities and Guohao Law Firm questioned him. At that time, people from the Shanghai Notary Public Office were also present," said Wu Xianzhong. According to business information, Gu Qingsheng's legal address is 2173250AV, BAYSide, NEWYORK. After Xue Jia's wealth exceeded 1.9 billion yuan, Luo Lai Home changed its name to Luo Lai Home Textile. After multiple capital increases and shareholder changes, the shareholders before the IPO were Shanghai Luo Lai (holding 52.25%), Weijia International (holding 23.75%), Nantong Zhongbang (holding 19%), Beijing Benjamin Investment Consulting Co., Ltd. (referred to as Benjamin Investment, holding 3.75%), and Xingbang International Group Co., Ltd. (referred to as Xingbang International, holding 1.25%). Among them, Shanghai Luolai and Weijia International are both 100% owned by the Xue Weicheng family. Nantong Zhongbang was established with cash contributions from Xue Weicheng, Xue Weibin, and Tao Yongying. After several shareholder changes, it absorbed some executives and employees to invest, but still controlled by the Xue family. Among them, Xue Jiachen, the son of Xue Weicheng, holds 34.65% of the shares as the major shareholder, while Xue Weibin's wife Tao Yongying holds 28.35%. Xue Weicheng's entrepreneurship began in 1978, and it has been over 30 years since then. Nantong is the hometown of Chinese textiles, and there is a tradition of making pillows and pillowcases among the people. At that time, he acquired these products and 'resold' them to Northeast China, thus digging up the first bucket of gold. The business grew bigger and bigger. In 1988, Xue Weibin, the younger brother of Xue Weicheng, resigned from the government department and went into business to help his brother manage the business. In 1992, the two brothers relocated their increasingly popular factory from the countryside to the city center of Nantong. This year, the business of the Xue brothers reached nearly 4 million yuan. This is the prototype of Lolai home textiles. Lolai's second breakthrough was the introduction of the franchise chain operation model in 1998. At that time, the Chinese market shifted from a seller's market with supply exceeding demand to a buyer's market with supply exceeding demand, resulting in unsold goods and widespread delays in payments in shopping malls. As a result, Rolls Royce's working capital was also stretched thin. In order to break through, Luo Lai began to adopt a franchise model, so "there is another village in the dark". A set of comparable figures is that in 2000, the sales revenue of Rolls Royce was only 57 million yuan, but by 2002, its sales quickly climbed to 170 million yuan, becoming one of the top three in the industry. Prior to this IPO, the total share capital of Rolls Royce Home Textiles was 105.2631 million shares. Converted, the Xue Weicheng family holds a total of approximately 92.6 million shares of Luo Lai Home Textile. According to analysts' calculations, Lolai Home Textile's earnings per share were 1.05 yuan in 2008 and 0.48 yuan in the first half of 2009. If valued based on 2007 earnings per share, corresponding to the normal 20-25 times PE of the textile industry, its stock price is above 21 yuan. By estimation, the wealth of the Xue family will exceed 1.9 billion yuan. Luolai Home Textile IPO Summary: A total of 31.5 million shares will be publicly issued, including no more than 7.02 million shares issued offline and 24.48 million shares issued online. Inquiry and recommendation period: August 26, 2009- August 28, 2009. Pricing announcement publication date: September 1, 2009. Offline and online subscription and payment dates: September 2, 2009. Basic earnings per share for the first half of 2009: 0.48 yuan. Net asset value per share before issuance: 3.14 yuan. Proposed fundraising and investment: 522.971 million yuan, to be invested in three projects including the expansion of Nantong home textile production base (217.041 million yuan), the construction of direct chain marketing network (268.895 million yuan), and the construction of research and development design center (37.035 million yuan).
Focusing on long-term development, cabinet manufacturers refuse price wars during the peak season of decoration. Many building materials and furniture merchants have launched rare ultra-low discounts to attract customers and compete for market share through affordable promotion strategies. However, during my visit, I found that the cabinet market is not like the building materials market, where "price reduction comes first". In interviews, many well-known cabinet brand agents told reporters that although the current market environment is still not optimistic, price wars are not conducive to the healthy development of branded cabinets. Faced with a severe market situation, the development path of the cabinet market is to produce high-end and low-end products.   The price of the Kesen Niman Cabinet Kit 06 series is 2280 yuan/linear meter; The Renhezi Bihai Yuntian series is priced at 2800 yuan/linear meter and is a common brand affordable product for the working class. Its price remains the same as at the beginning of the year. However, the prices of high-end cabinets targeting the high-end consumer group remain firm, such as OPPEIN, Zhongchu, Piano, Kebao Boloni, Fotile, etc. The main promotional methods are group buying, gift vouchers, lucky draws, etc., with discounts of up to 9.5%. It is understood that currently, a set of well-known brand cabinets on the Dongguan market is priced from over 6000 yuan to tens of thousands of yuan. The industry's attitude of blindly lowering prices is not conducive to long-term development. Looking back at last year, there was a price war in the cabinet market, and many well-known brands of cabinets, such as OPPEIN, Haier, and FOTILE, have successively lowered their prices. However, why is the cabinet market collectively "reserved" when the building materials market is "quiet" today?   He believes that although low prices are often more favored by some consumers, the quality of workshop cabinets often leads to a lot of consumer dissatisfaction. Therefore, in the long run, a "price war" is not conducive to the healthy development of the cabinet market. In addition, in the increasingly severe market situation, blindly lowering prices to cater to consumers is not a wise move. Due to the continuous increase in raw material costs, if prices do not rise but instead fall, it will only be unbearable for enterprises; For consumers, it is inevitable that they cannot obtain good quality and service guarantees. In the face of the recent sluggish market, brand cabinets should choose more new marketing methods to break through, rather than blindly lowering prices, "said the regional general manager of OPPEIN Cabinets. In such a market environment, brand products still need to maintain the bottom line of prices, not panic, and win consumers with product quality and perfect service." At the same time, in the marketing process, emphasizing value marketing is the key to seizing the market, "he said. Brand cabinets continuously develop high cost-effective products to meet the needs of different consumer groups, in order to seek a larger market share and achieve targeted marketing in the market.
The reporter learned that on May 1st this year, Shaxi Town opened its first tourist route, with attractions including Longdu Redwood Furniture Expo Center, Liyuan Longdu Restaurant, etc., which may have Shaxi customs characteristics or traditional industry advantages. So far, the tourism route has received 300 tour groups from inside and outside the province, with a total of 15000 tourists. At present, the two places plan to carry out long-term tourism project cooperation.     Liang Dongxiao, a member of the Party Committee of Shaxi Town, said that this event is conducive to further promoting the overall tourism image of "cultural tourism and charming Shaxi", and creating the tourism development goal of "a famous town for leisure clothing in China". The transformation of "soft culture" into "hard economy" industrial tourism has become an effective way to drive economic development, and our city has successful precedents such as DIY zones and public orchards. At present, our city is striving to promote a modern service industry led by tourism, and Shaxi is no exception.   So far, the Longdu Redwood Furniture Expo Center has received 300 tourist groups from inside and outside the province, with a total of 15000 visitors. It is expected to receive more than 30000 visitors throughout the year. Shaxi Town has a long history, a rich cultural heritage, and a rich cultural heritage. It is a famous "hometown of overseas Chinese" and "hometown of culture". Through the launch of the first tourism route during the May Day holiday and the display of three major attractions, a new tourism hotspot with rich Shaxi folk characteristics has been formed, integrating industrial tourism and historical and cultural tourism. On July 2nd, led by the Municipal Tourism Bureau, representatives from various tourism agencies in our city visited tourist attractions in Shaxi Town: Xuefu Street - Wenchang Tower - Longdu Redwood Furniture Expo Center - Xiahu Family - Liyuan Longdu Restaurant. We also had in-depth discussions on how to further develop Shaxi industrial tourism attractions, integrate routes, coordinate with travel agencies' recommendations, and improve tourism accessibility and reception capacity. Liang Dongxiao expressed that Shaxi Town hopes to explore and display the value of historical and cultural sites, develop tourism, form a new pattern of tourism development that combines industrial culture, natural landscapes, and cultural landscapes, transform "soft culture" into "hard economy", promote the development of modern service industry in Shaxi Town, and make it a new growth point for Shaxi Town's economy.
Milan's Return to Milan Design Forum - Live Beauty Capture As an annual event in the design industry, Milan Design Week has always attracted top designers, design and product companies, and media from around the world with cutting-edge and high-quality designs and products. During Milan Design Week, ABITARE China tirelessly visited a variety of exhibition areas, including Milan Furniture Fair and Satellite Salon, in order to seek first-hand fresh content and draw creative inspiration.  
The most detailed explanation of toilet knowledge in the history of arrow shaped bathroom. Regardless of the type of toilet, the first thing to consider is the downward pipe. If the pipe has a U-shaped water trap, choose the straight flush type. If there is no water trap, you can choose the siphon type siphon toilet: there is a complete pipe inside, with a side inverted "S" shape, a gentle slope of the pool wall, and improved noise problems; Due to its strong sewage discharge capacity and large clean surface area, the vast majority of toilets, especially connected ones, adopt siphon type. The biggest advantage of siphon type is its low flushing noise, also known as quietness. The siphon toilet is easy to flush away dirt adhered to the surface of the toilet. Disadvantages: the pool bottom has an increased water storage area. Direct flush toilet uses the large thrust formed by compressed air, with fast flushing speed, strong flushing force, strong sewage discharge, fast speed, less water consumption, and no leakage. Due to the use of the instantaneous powerful kinetic energy of water flow, the sound of impact on the pipe wall is relatively loud in the direct flow type. The rear drainage is mostly direct flow. However, the diameter of the drain pipe of a straight flush toilet is large, which makes it easy to flush out large amounts of dirt. The disadvantage is that it produces loud noise during drainage. Firstly, the flushing method of a toilet seat is mainly divided into two categories: straight flush and siphon flush. Siphon is divided into vortex siphon and jet siphon. 1. Direct flushing toilet is a type of toilet that uses the force of water flow to discharge feces. Generally, the pool wall is steep and the water storage area is small, so the hydraulic pressure is concentrated, and the hydraulic pressure around the toilet ring is increased, resulting in high flushing efficiency. Advantages: The flushing pipeline of the straight flush toilet is simple, the path is short, and the diameter is thick (usually 9 to 10 centimeters). It can use the acceleration of water gravity to flush the feces clean, and the flushing process is short. Compared with the siphon type toilet, the straight flush toilet does not have a return bend and adopts straight flushing, which is easy to flush out large dirt. It is not easy to cause blockage during flushing, and there is no need to prepare a paper basket in the bathroom. In terms of water conservation, it is also better than a siphon toilet. Disadvantages: The biggest drawback of direct flush toilets is the loud flushing sound. Additionally, due to the small water surface, scaling is prone to occur, and their odor prevention performance is not as good as siphon toilets. In addition, there are relatively few varieties of direct flush toilets on the market, and their selection range is not as large as siphon toilets. 2. The structure of a siphon toilet is that the drainage pipe is in a "∽" shape. After the drainage pipe is filled with water, a certain water level difference will be generated. The suction force generated by the flushing water in the sewage pipe inside the toilet will drain the feces. Since the flushing of the siphon toilet relies on the force of water flow, the water surface in the pool is larger and the flushing noise is smaller. Siphon toilets are also divided into two types: vortex siphon and jet siphon. 3. The vortex siphon is a type of toilet with a flushing port located on one side of the bottom of the toilet. When flushing, the water flow forms a vortex along the pool wall, which increases the flushing force of the water flow on the pool wall and also increases the suction force of the siphon effect, making it more conducive to discharging the contents of the toilet. 4. The jet siphon has been further improved on the siphon toilet by adding a jet secondary channel at the bottom of the toilet, aligned with the center of the sewage outlet. When flushing, a part of the water flows out from the water distribution holes around the toilet seat and another part is sprayed out from the jet outlet. This toilet is based on the siphon and uses a large water flow to quickly flush away dirt. Advantages: The biggest advantage of a siphon toilet is its low flushing noise, known as quietness. In terms of flushing ability, siphon toilets are easy to flush away dirt adhered to the surface of the toilet because they have a higher water storage capacity and better odor prevention effect than direct flushing toilets. Nowadays, there are many varieties of siphon toilets on the market, and buying a toilet seat will provide more options. Disadvantage: When flushing a siphon toilet, it is necessary to first release water to a very high level before flushing the dirt down. Therefore, a certain amount of water is required to achieve the purpose of flushing. At least 8 to 9 liters of water are needed each time, which is relatively water consuming. The diameter of the siphon type drainage pipe is only about 56 centimeters, which is prone to clogging during flushing. Therefore, toilet paper cannot be directly thrown into the toilet. Installing a siphon type toilet usually requires a paper basket and a plunger. Secondly, the anti splash and anti "sticking" function of the toilet should be equipped. When choosing a toilet, in order to achieve the purpose of anti splash, firstly, the drainage outlet should be as far back as possible (the drainage outlet of old-fashioned toilets is usually at the back, and there was no such thing as anti splash at that time), and secondly, the water storage surface should be small, which needs to be checked by the person who installed it. Only focusing on the back of the drain and neglecting the issue of water storage, the result still did not achieve the purpose of splash prevention. Thirdly, the slope of the toilet chamber should be small, so that the water surface at the front is shallow and can also serve as splash proof. The above three points are actually related to the water surface. When manufacturers design splash proof toilets, as long as they control the water surface well and maintain shallow water in specific areas, they can achieve splash proof function and also "prevent sticking". Poop stuck in the toilet seat, it's still awkward for guests to come. 3、 The anti odor function of a toilet generally comes from two aspects. One is the odor returning from the sewer. To block the odor from the sewer, products from regular manufacturers can generally meet the requirements. Sealing the gas with water is still relatively guaranteed. If it is really the odor returning from the sewer, it is mostly not a problem with the toilet itself, but rather an installation issue. If the water seal is not qualified and the depth is not enough, it will reduce the odor prevention ability of the toilet, and the waste gas produced by the fermentation of sewage in the waterway will overflow and return odor through the unqualified water seal. Generally, direct flush toilets have smaller water seals, and their anti odor and anti stick functions are not as good as siphon toilets. Another reason for the return of odor is the odor generated during use, which needs to be solved by the toilet itself. That is to choose a variety with more water storage, and let the water completely submerge the feces during use, which can partially prevent odor. However, such toilets are absolutely not splash proof. Therefore, the splash proof function of the toilet is inversely proportional to the odor proof function. To prevent odors in toilets, the first step is to install them in a standardized manner. The second step is to choose toilets with more water storage, such as siphon toilets, or to turn on the exhaust fan and flush during use. To prevent splashing, choose toilets with less water storage, such as straight flush toilets. 4、 The glaze of high-end toilets is as smooth as the surface of a new toilet: high-quality toilets have bright and smooth glaze colors, no bubbles, no defects, and remain as smooth as new after repeated use. If the quality of the glaze is poor, it is easy for dirt to hang on the walls of the toilet, making it difficult to rinse. Glazed surfaces inside toilet pipes and water tanks: If there is no glaze inside the drainage pipes of toilets, it is easy for dirt to adhere and cause hanging. When purchasing, you can reach into the drain outlet of the toilet and feel if it is smooth inside. Smooth ones have glazed surfaces, while rough ones do not have glazed surfaces. Some toilet water tanks are also glazed inside, which is beneficial for protecting the water tank and extending its service life. However, applying glaze inside the water tank is far less important than applying glaze inside the drainage pipe. Didn't the old style toilets still last for decades without any problems? 5、 The water components in high-end toilets, whether made of plastic or aluminum or iron, are generally the main cause of problems when buying a toilet. Therefore, it is recommended to choose a branded toilet to avoid difficulty in finding repair personnel or matching parts in the future. The water components of ordinary toilets are mostly plastic parts, while now the middle and low-end toilets are mostly 3/6-liter dual button plastic parts. The water components of high-end toilets come in copper parts, and it is said that there will be no problems for twenty years. However, if there is a problem, the price of replacing the parts will be enough to buy another toilet. If the water quality in the city is not good and the water components of high-end toilets are not maintained, problems will arise. Therefore, if a high-end toilet is installed at home with a water softener, it is best to use soft water to flush the toilet. 6、 The water-saving function of the 3/6-liter dual button toilet is relatively water-saving. The flushing pipe of the direct flush toilet has a thick diameter and short path, which can easily flush out dirt in a short time, making it more water-saving. The pipe diameter of a siphon toilet is slender, and when in use, it needs to be drained to a very high water level before flushing out the dirt. Therefore, in order to achieve the purpose of flushing completely, a certain amount of water is required for siphon flushing, usually 8-9 liters of water, which is relatively waste water. In 1999, four national ministries jointly issued a document requiring that from December 1, 2000, the use of toilets with a one-time flushing water consumption of more than 9 liters should be prohibited in newly built residential buildings in large and medium-sized cities, and water-saving toilets with a one-time water consumption of no more than 6 liters should be promoted. But for siphon toilets, if they are all made into 3/6 liters, the flushing rate of some toilets will be insufficient, directly affecting the flushing effect. Some toilet products indicate a 6-liter flushing capacity, but the actual water usage exceeds the standard and does not truly meet the water-saving requirements. Generally, dual button toilets are more water-saving. Most of the toilets that use a handle to flush water are siphon toilets, and the amount of water used for flushing is the same for both urination and defecation. The amount of water used is relatively high, resulting in more wastewater. Summary: When choosing a toilet, do you also need to consider whether it is separate or integrated? When choosing a toilet, you should consider your own needs. Regardless of the type of toilet, there will always be pleasing and unsatisfactory aspects. For example, if you want to choose a straight flush or siphon, it depends on what you value more. If you value the flushing rate and don't care too much about the sound, then you should choose a straight flush. If you prefer quietness, the opposite is true. If there are two bathrooms at home, it is best to use a siphon for the master bathroom, as it is adjacent to the master bedroom, so it is best to keep it quiet to avoid affecting the sleep of the homeowner; The guest guard can use a direct one, and it doesn't matter if the noise is louder. Choosing the glazed surface of a toilet can be felt with the naked eye, and high-end toilets can be seen to have a smoother appearance than ordinary toilets. Some high-end toilets indicate that the glaze has self-cleaning function, and the glaze is smoother than other toilets. However, even the strongest self-cleaning function of a toilet cannot do without human cleaning. If someone cleans the house every day, even a mid-range toilet can still be as smooth as new. So, finding a diligent wife is far more important than the self-cleaning function of a toilet. Speaking of toilet seats, when choosing, you need to personally try them out. Some toilet seats are very comfortable to sit on, while most toilet seats are flat. Good toilet seats are made of molds according to the shape of the human body, which is very ergonomic. The shape and specifications of the toilet should be selected according to the area of the bathroom. If the interior is spacious, there is a lot of room for choice. If the bathroom area is small, a small-sized toilet should be chosen. The length of the toilet should be short to make the space spacious and the aisle not narrow.
The 4th South District Store Manager Conference of Faenza has come to a successful conclusion. From July 9th to 11th, 2009, Faenza held a three-day "Appreciation Brand, Win at the Terminal" South District Store Manager Conference at the Royal Silver Sea Hotel in Gaoming District, Foshan City. The senior management of the company and more than 400 terminal store managers had in-depth communication on the interpretation of brand connotation, home decoration channels, community promotion, after-sales service, and specialty store management, laying a good foundation for the company's marketing campaign in the terminal market in the second half of the year. The meeting kicked off with a speech by Yan Bangping, General Manager of the Faenza Business Unit. Zhang Jianzhong, Marketing Manager of Faenza, explained to the store managers how to position the Faenza brand and the principles of brand positioning under the theme of "How to Manage Brands at the Terminal - Implanting Brands into Customers' Hearts". Through vivid case analysis, the store managers deepened their understanding of the meaning of the brand. Li Wentao, the sales manager of Farnsha Bathroom South District, shared his store management and sales skills with sales elites. Li's brilliant speech won applause from the audience present, and the sales elites comprehensively understood the skills of guidance, improved the strength of front-line sales personnel, and won the victory at the end. In addition, Farnsha Company also arranged for store managers to visit production factories and exhibition halls, allowing store managers across the country to gain a deeper understanding of the production process of products and appreciate Farnsha's design philosophy of "beauty, elegance, and art". The Faenza bathroom and tile exhibition hall was completed at the end of 2008, covering an area of about 5000 square meters. The design style is synchronized with the trend, exuding a fashionable atmosphere in simplicity. Postmodernism, low-key luxury, aristocratic elegance, aesthetic art and other styles are perfectly reflected here. Stepping into it, the rich Italian flavor brings you endless imagination. The Fansha exhibition hall left a deep impression on the store managers present, making them reluctant to leave. The climax of the conference was gradually reached by a series of competitive but interesting events such as the "Top 10 Candidate Store PK Competition", "Top 10 Candidate Store Manager PK Competition", and "Sales Elite Team Challenge". Through these events, the charm of excellent stores in Faenza was showcased, the practical experience of excellent store managers was shared, the spirit of cooperation among sales elite teams was cultivated, and a team adapted to Faenza's rapid and healthy development was built. Finally, Faenza employees and terminal sales elites gathered together to hold a wonderful networking party and award ceremony. The actors on stage performed brilliantly and the audience's warm applause intertwined into a joyful melody, presenting a friendly atmosphere of the manufacturer's family. The interviewed store managers all expressed that through this store manager training, they have strengthened the communication and mutual assistance among people from different regions of Faenza. In order to enhance employees' sense of belonging and the cohesion of the company, they have enriched their knowledge of products, increased their confidence in Faenza brand sales, and will implement it in specific terminal sales work. To this end, the 4th South District Store Manager Conference of Farnsha has been successfully concluded.
Beijing Aiyiruis Furniture Co., Ltd. was established in May 1995, and to this day, "making the most comfortable sofa" has always been the motto of Aiyiruis. Today, we are honored to invite Ms. Fan Shanshan, the general manager, to the Sina Leju guest chat room to once again appreciate Aiyiruis' simple yet not simple design concept. To provide consumers with fashionable and healthy home products, allowing more people to experience a comfortable home life. Time: September 24, 2009 2:30-3:30 PM Location: Sina Leju Guest Chat Room Guest: Ms. Fan Shanshan, General Manager of Beijing Aiyiruis Furniture Co., Ltd. Host: Sina Leju, Xie Juan The following is the live recording: Host: Sina netizens, good afternoon! The guest of today's Sina Leju guest chat room is Ms. Fan Shanshan, General Manager of Beijing Aiyiruis Furniture Co., Ltd. Mr. Fan, you can first say hello to netizens! Fan Shanshan: Hello everyone! I am very pleased to participate in this interview with Sina Leju, and I would like to express my gratitude to the consumers who have always supported us. Thank you all for your love and help towards Aiyiruis. Host: On the occasion of the 60th anniversary of the founding of our country, many domestic enterprises that have emerged from the wind and rain have also celebrated their birthdays. As a leader among them, the development of Aiyiruis' enterprise is infused with the steady and innovative spirit of our domestic enterprises. Today, we will review the development history of Iris with Mr. Fan. In May 1995, Aiyiruis was established. Unlike other furniture industries, it chose a business model that integrates production and sales. Why do we choose this way of increasing costs and risks to establish our business? Fan Shanshan: It's like this. We first went to Guangzhou to study, and 'production and sales integration' was originally a conceptual concept. As a business, your brand is crucial and product design is crucial. But when it comes to physical implementation, quality is also crucial. We need to integrate front-end design, production, and sales to ensure that every aspect is guaranteed. Host: In 2003, Iris took a historic step by collaborating with many well-known international designers to build our brand. During that time, how much help did design provide us? Fan Shanshan: As I mentioned earlier, 'China's furniture looks at Guangzhou, and the world's furniture looks at Italy'. Everyone knows that Italy is a fashion and design capital. We were a local brand at the time and we really wanted to break through. Our positioning is to 'synchronize with the world', so from that perspective, we are looking for ways to 'synchronize with the world'.   When we see Italian furniture, we feel particularly ashamed. Italian design not only deeply attracts me in terms of design but also in terms of craftsmanship. After I came back, I was thinking about a question: what do you want to make of your enterprise and what is your future development direction. Later on, we thought we could go out and bring in, and we could have an interaction. Our biggest barrier is that if our company goes global, we need to adapt to this market, and we need to speak with good designs. I discussed with our chairman at that time to find an Italian designer to collaborate with us. We need to break through ourselves in design because we have our own production and factory entities, and what we lack the most is design. So soon we hired an Italian designer to come up with a plan for us, hoping to create a higher brand. At that time, we chose together with Italy because we were doing fashion, modern furniture, and minimalist furniture. The first designer we found was Paolo Santini, who was also a well-known designer in Italy at the time. His design philosophy aligned with ours, and thus we took the first step towards development. Host: In what ways did the explicit role of design in driving us at that time manifest? Fan Shanshan: Including our color matching, store matching, and other aspects, they have brought us great improvement and progress.   This has truly taken us to a leap forward, elevating us from a domestic brand to another level. This design has indeed brought us great benefits, making consumers feel that the sofa of Iris is truly unique. Host: I saw a sentence on our website that goes, 'Simple but not simple, noble but not bulky, fashionable but not fancy, trendy but not luxurious.' This makes me feel that controlling fashion is indeed difficult. How do you understand fashion? Fan Shanshan: It's like this, actually we are studying a social demand. In today's society, everyone talks about fashion, but ultimately it all boils down to a need. Aiyiruis, our product temperament and style, as well as our brand positioning, are positioned as fashionable, generous, simple, and comfortable. These are essential features that urbanites need. So both our design and the philosophy we advocate are very in line with our consumption concept, which is why we can benefit from our brand that many consumers love and accept. They feel a sense of affinity when they see our sofa, and when they see it, they want to buy it. As a brand of Aiyiruis, we have always advocated a lifestyle for consumers. Simplicity is not simple, that's how I understand it. As long as you position yourself well, ensure the quality of your products, meet the needs of consumers, and they love and accept the temperament and style of our products, you will succeed. Iris' products are very generous and comfortable. But its lines are relatively simple. I think it has a certain connotation inside. Host: Do you think fashion is a study of customer needs? Fan Shanshan: Yes. Host: But now many small and medium-sized enterprises on the market seem to have obtained some of their works without much effort. How do you understand this? Fan Shanshan: That's understandable. In the development process of Iris, she also walked this path. But as a company, if we want to develop, we must have our own ideas. Whether it's product design or company brand building, we should have our own way. The fabric soft bed and fabric sofa, made by Aiyiruis, are the earliest. It can promote our better development and progress. Host: After all, there are still some differences between us and these companies. Fan Shanshan: Yes.
The decoration process cleverly arranges the trivialities of life, perhaps starting from decorating the wedding house. This process requires mental and physical effort, tests patience, and is also the first hurdle that tests the two people's ability to live. But don't panic, as long as you arrange your time and energy reasonably, you will achieve twice the result with half the effort. If you have no decoration experience, are a super rookie, and want to take care of your love nest carefully, then come and listen to what experts have to say. -2-3 months before the house is acquired, homeowners need to start putting decoration on their schedule. Firstly, of course, it is important to supplement the basic knowledge of decoration. In modern society, with the development of information, you can learn about information online, read more newspapers and magazines related to the topic, consult with relatives and friends who have experience in decoration, or visit newly renovated houses to experience which decoration style you want. Friends usually share their experiences, lessons, and regrets with you, which greatly reduces the probability of making mistakes. After selecting the company and mode to complete these tasks, you can go to the decoration companies in various major stores and have a brief understanding of the decoration by communicating with the designers first. Generally speaking, the decoration period is about 45-50 days, and you can also learn about several popular decoration modes currently available. Decoration can be divided into three methods: contractor cleaning, semi contractor, and full contractor. Baoqinggong means that you have to purchase all the materials yourself, including cement mortar, floor tiles, water and electricity pipes, etc. The construction party is only responsible for the construction, which is currently very rare in the market, and only a small number of guerrillas take on this job. Half package can be called a traditional decoration model, and most home decoration companies and guerrilla teams can provide this service. If you choose this method, you will need to be responsible for purchasing the main materials such as floor tiles and sanitary ware, while the decoration company or guerrilla team will provide auxiliary materials such as cement and mortar and construction. However, as some materials need to be purchased by yourself, you need to coordinate with all parties involved. When workers request materials to enter the site, you need to contact the relevant manufacturers to deliver them to the construction site, otherwise it may easily delay the project schedule. In addition, you also need to be familiar with the entire building materials procurement schedule. For example, the cabinet manufacturer needs to be determined before the water and electricity renovation, so that the manufacturer can conduct preliminary measurements, determine the position and usage of the cabinet, as well as the location of electrical and water circuits. Full package refers to the decoration company providing all materials and construction methods. Many decoration companies have launched packages, menus, and other decoration options for this type. You can choose the corresponding company and package level according to your needs. This model is relatively time-saving, labor-saving, and worry free, with clear responsibilities and rights. If you are completely clueless about decoration and do not have the time and energy to purchase materials on your own, you can consider this approach. If possible, you can choose a supervision company to check for you. Considering that guerrillas do not have after-sales service guarantee and there may be many quality problems in the later stage, it is recommended to choose a branded decoration company. After discussing and selecting the decoration company, we enter the stage of communicating with the designer about the plan. You need to provide the designer with a floor plan of your house and tell them your preferences (such as liking red or certain furniture), needs (such as a study or bar), and approximate budget. Once the initial communication is successful, the designer will go to your home to measure the room and provide you with a detailed design plan. Then we entered the stage of discussing specific plans. At this point, the designer will provide you with design drawings, renderings, details on how to handle them, the total cost, and so on. During this process, you need to grasp a decoration budget plan that you can afford on your own. Generally speaking, for a two bedroom apartment of 90 square meters, the decoration cost for a medium grade apartment, including main materials, construction, and excluding furniture and appliances, is around 50000 yuan. Only when you have a clear plan in your mind can you control the entire decoration process and avoid being caught off guard. After both parties reach a consensus, you can sign the contract. When signing a contract, it is necessary to clarify responsibilities and rights. Subsequently, go to the property management company to handle the necessary procedures for decoration, and then conduct a closed water test on the kitchen and bathroom to divide the responsibilities between the developer and the decoration company. Designers, supervisors, foremen, relevant technical workers, and owners come together to the housing site for on-site briefing, explaining the design and construction sites. The key is handed over to the construction unit, and the workers officially enter the site. You must express your intentions clearly on that day, so that the construction personnel can fully understand your intentions, otherwise errors in the later stage will cause rework and delay the construction period. -After signing the contract in the construction section, you are about to enter the specific construction process. The construction mainly involves four types of workers: carpenters, bricklayers, oilers, and plumbers. Even if you choose a branded decoration company, you don't have to worry too much about the construction, but you should still pay more attention to your own nest, pay attention to some construction details, and avoid problems that may delay the project schedule. Woodworking includes doors, entrances, ceilings, on-site woodworking, etc. In general, you need to pay more attention to the ceiling. Expansion bolts should be used for the suspension points of the suspended ceiling, and nails should be avoided because nails are not firmly fixed, which can not only easily fall off but also cause cracking of the later keel. The spacing between vertical keels should not exceed 40cm, as spacing greater than 40cm can easily affect strength; You can check if there is a horizontal keel (through the hole keel) support, and there should be a horizontal keel every meter; Whether the connection of the keel is firm can be shaken by hand. If it is a partition wall project with light steel keel, it is also necessary to check whether insulation and sound insulation rock wool is filled between the keels, and whether there is any omission, otherwise it will affect the sound insulation effect. When installing the door, attention should be paid to the size of the door gap, which should normally be 7-8 millimeters. The backboards of kitchen and bathroom doors should be treated with anti-corrosion, usually colored, which you can see by yourself to avoid mold and paint peeling after being damp. In addition, the decorative panel should pay attention to on-site maintenance, such as whether there are cracks or other issues. Tile workers are responsible for laying wall and floor tiles. A common dispute among bricklayers is when the wall tiles or floor tiles are uneven and there is a misalignment phenomenon. The workers claim that the quality of the tiles is poor, and the manufacturer claims that there are problems with the workers' paving. Both parties blame each other, and you are often sidelined, and the problem is often not resolved. The best solution is to require workers to inspect the quality of the tiles when they enter the site, and ask if they meet the paving requirements. If they do not meet the requirements, the manufacturer can resend them; If it meets the requirements, any problems that arise in the later stage will be attributed to the workers' paving work, so that the rights and responsibilities are clearly defined, and even if there are problems in the later stage, the responsibility can be clarified. In addition, to avoid tile hollowing, the tiles should be soaked in water for at least half an hour before laying. In addition, if the living room is tiled and the bedroom is fitted with flooring, it is necessary to consider whether there will be a height difference after installation. It is best for you to have the workers confirm during the preliminary measurement before paving whether the ground needs to be leveled or smoothed (sloping smoothly from the higher end of the ground to the lower end). Hydroelectric engineering refers to the engineering of water circuit wiring. Special wiring terminals should be used for wire connectors, avoiding the use of black tape to prevent loose connections. The wires inside the ceiling must be equipped with fire-resistant and flame-retardant hoses. In addition, before laying bricks, it is necessary to check whether the water and electricity pipes are loose, and shake them by hand to see if there is no fixed phenomenon, in order to avoid water seepage and leakage in the later stage. After completing the water and electricity renovation, a pressure test pump should be used to conduct a pressure test on the water pipe, and the pressure should not be lower than 0.6, MPa， Generally 0.8, MPa， After the pressure stabilizes, the pressure drop within 20 minutes should not exceed 0.05 MPa. When conducting a pressure test, it is best to have a look on site to ensure that the pressure is qualified and to avoid the risk of water leakage, seepage, and seepage. After the waterproofing project of the bathroom is completed, a closed water test should also be conducted. Block the floor drain tightly, drain water from the ground to form a pool at least 20 millimeters deep, and after 24 hours of storage, check with the construction party and property management for any water leakage and sign for acceptance. This matter is related to whether the bathroom leaks in the later stage and the neighborhood relationship. We suggest that you must supervise and complete it. Oil workers mainly include tasks such as scraping putty and painting. Before doing it, it is necessary to check the wall error, such as whether the internal and external corners are not straight. You can use rulers, lines, wooden keels, etc. to place them on the wall. If the error exceeds 8 centimeters, gypsum leveling is required, and you will need to bear additional leveling costs. A common problem among oil workers is that they cut corners and use inferior materials. Due to the different specifications of the barrels, you can calculate the amount of paint used by yourself. Generally speaking, the wall coating used for home decoration is 5L/barrel, and the theoretical dosage is about 24 square meters. The area can be painted three times. The calculation method is: total area of walls and ceilings ÷ 24 square meters=total quantity required for primer and topcoat. According to the ratio of 1:2 between one primer and two topcoats, the required amount of primer and topcoat for each can be calculated. Although the application area of various coatings may vary slightly, according to this method, you have a rough idea of how much to use, so you won't be too wrong. After painting, you can check the surface for any brush marks or penetrations on your own, and most importantly, check the flatness. You can use a flashlight to shine along the wall. If the wall is wavy, it indicates poor flatness and it is best to find a worker to solve this problem. Expert guidance: Technical Director of Qingzhou Decoration Beijing Company, Sun Peidu, Chief Engineer of Kuoda Decoration, Yang Guangqiang
These seemingly unrelated events actually revolve around two main themes: one is preparing for the "Golden September and Silver October", and no one wants to miss this golden time for sales. It has been proven that the holiday effect has led to a rush of customers in home furnishing stores across the country; Secondly, major events are closely related to the development strategies advocated by various enterprises, and combined with time and space, the strategies of each owner are clear. Red Star Macalline: Market layout showcases global strategy, grand event: Red Star Macalline had frequent actions in September. Following the preparation and investment promotion of the Guangzhou Pazhou Red Star Macalline Home Furnishing Expo Center, the "Red Star Macalline Shuitou Home Furnishing Expo Center Global Investment Promotion Conference" was held in Shuitou, Nan'an on the afternoon of September 21st. More than 2000 people, including the organizers, numerous manufacturers, and distributors, witnessed this grand event. The opening of the investment promotion for the Red Star Macalline Shuitou Home Furnishing Expo Center signifies a landmark step for Red Star Macalline to enter the Fujian regional market, opening a good start for its further expansion in the Fujian region. The Chairman and CEO of Red Star Macalline Group, Che Jian, recently announced that in 2010, Red Star Macalline Group will also build six large Shopping Mall stores in the Fujian region. On the afternoon of September 23rd, the "Red Star Macalline Guangxi Home Life Mole Investment Promotion Explanation and News Briefing" was held at the Nanning International Convention and Exhibition Center. On September 29th, Red Star Macalline's second furniture store in Shenzhen, Red Star Macalline Buji Store, officially opened. This mall is now the 55th store of Red Star Macalline to expand into the national market. Commentary: In the past two years, the rapid development of Red Star Macalline has been evident to everyone. It has achieved outward growth in corporate strength through operational model replication, brand reputation sharing, and other means, realizing a horizontally integrated business strategy. Chain operation has played a great role in promoting the development of the furniture circulation industry. Its successful operation method of responding to every call has made the marginal benefits of economies of scale far greater than the marginal management costs, achieving the best state of a virtuous cycle. The enterprise has also created strong core competitiveness and team cohesion. At present, China's furniture circulation industry has begun a new comparative competition. Each market strengthens the competition mechanism centered on strategy and system by formulating sustainable development plans for enterprises, quickly occupies the market by establishing brand strength, and transitions from marketing centered to customer service centered. Competition provides more development space for comprehensive groups with chain, scale, internationalization, and modernization. Red Star's standardized brand access system for entering shopping malls and improved pre-sales, in sales, and after-sales service systems for products reflect its foundation and demand for internationalization.   It is reported that the total construction area of China Furniture CBD is 3 million square meters, with an investment of 5.2 billion yuan. According to the layout of the complete industrial chain, it is a core commercial and trade zone for the furniture industry with comprehensive urban functions, and a center for industrial transfer and reinvestment of international and eastern furniture enterprises in the central region. It is the only large-scale industrial cluster within a 500 kilometer industrial radius with a complete industrial chain layout, and is also a key project of the three levels of government in Hubei Province, Wuhan City, and Huangpi District.     Commentary: There is a well-known advertising slogan in China's furniture CBD: "We are not a furniture carrier, but an ocean that carries furniture carriers." This sentence accurately summarizes its corporate status. As far as it is concerned, by taking advantage of industry gaps and regional resources, Jinma Kaixuan actually earns dual profits from store leasing and product sales, and a part of its real estate is also constantly appreciating. For some furniture manufacturers in Central China and those who have transferred their industries, the market will be equipped with storage bases, raw and auxiliary material markets, and industrial parks in the future. Hundreds of settled manufacturers will set up their Central China sales headquarters here, establish warehousing and logistics centers, and direct sales centers to reduce circulation links, lower logistics and operating costs, and achieve factory price direct sales. JSWB2009 (Guangzhou) Autumn Furniture Procurement Fair was grandly held on September 6th, after nearly half a year of intense preparation, at the JSWB2009 (Guangzhou) Procurement Center Hall A of JSWB2009 (Guangzhou). The scale of the procurement center has reached 90000 square meters, with a total of 168 brands settled in. The sixth floor includes fabric sofas, living room furniture, and outdoor furniture on the first floor; Second floor leather sofa, classical sofa; Third floor soft bed, mattress, children's furniture; Modern panel furniture and solid wood furniture on the fourth floor; Fifth floor postmodern (luxury) furniture, neoclassical furniture, Chinese classical furniture; The sixth floor European and American classical furniture has undergone a reasonable overall planning. Analysis: Jisheng Weibang's move has formed "three combinations": the combination of exhibitions and regular exhibitions, the combination of domestic sales and foreign trade, and the combination of wholesale and retail. It has also promoted the transformation of the business model of Pazhou commercial district from the initial migratory bird exhibition model to a year-round commercial operation model. From a market perspective, rapid market testing is undoubtedly the most effective way for manufacturers to grasp the market. Consumers will give evaluations of products at the exhibition site, and manufacturers can also understand consumers' needs and the shortcomings of their products in the first place, and make timely adjustments before the products are put into the market. On the other hand, strict screening of exhibitors during the investment stage also provides great convenience for buyers to identify the strength of manufacturers and the advantages and disadvantages of products. Jisheng Weibang's early entry into Pazhou is undoubtedly a decision made after careful consideration. Red Star is currently preparing for its opening, driving the development of the surrounding economy and the prosperity of surrounding industries through various exhibitions. Pazhou, which has become synonymous with the "exhibition economy", is now booming, but this will only further enhance the value of Pazhou's commercial properties, bringing larger and more stable passenger flow and business opportunities. Eurasia Da: "Ranked among the top three, century old Eurasia Da", Grand Event: On the morning of September 30th, the opening ceremony of Eurasia Da Building Materials and Home Furnishings Hanyang Store was held grandly in the square in front of the mall.   Ouyada Building Materials and Home Furnishings Hanyang Store is the first store of Ouyada Home Furnishings to settle in Hanyang. Its successful opening will undoubtedly become a mainstream experiential home shopping mall in Hanyang. On the day of opening, the sales records in the mall's cash register system hit new highs, with sales records frequently refreshed. October is the peak season for decoration, and many consumers have delayed until National Day to seize the opportunity of promotion. The dedicated management team integrated the manufacturer's large-scale promotional activities, which indeed boosted consumers' purchasing power. On the day of opening, it achieved sales of over ten million. Analysis: In the context of gradual economic recovery, Ouyada Home Furnishings, with an elite team and more than ten years of accumulated management experience, has seized the historical opportunity to continuously enter the country and achieved remarkable results. Following the shining appearance of its store in Luoyang, Henan in August, it achieved nearly 20 million sales during the opening period. The investment promotion work for the 120000 square meter Jinan Beiyuan store is progressing smoothly, and it will open grandly at the end of October. It has also successfully signed contracts for two stores, Tianjin Hongqiao and Nankai, with a total operating area of 110000 square meters. The national strategic layout has increased to 14 stores in seven cities this year, and commercial projects such as three stores in Beijing, Chongqing, and Tianjin are currently under intense negotiation; Spending nearly ten million yuan to officially sign film and television superstar Chen Daoming as the spokesperson for the Ouyada Home brand image; Investing millions to hire a renowned planning and consulting firm in Beijing - Guofu Zongheng Integrated Marketing and Strategic System; At the beginning of next year, an additional 30 million yuan will be invested to place brand image advertisements on CCTV. The head of the Eurasia Group revealed that "flying against the wind and surpassing curves" is the recent strategic goal of Eurasia Home. Currently, Eurasia Home is intensifying its preparations with the momentum of "seizing the day and night". Eurasia Home has always been steady, and achieving "ranking among the top three in the country and a century of Eurasia Home" is not a dream. Xiyingmen: Creating a "New Business Model" for Building Materials and Furniture. Event: Jiangxi's largest building materials and furniture store, Xiyingmen (Nanchang) Building Materials and Furniture Plaza, with an area of 158000 square meters, officially opened for customers on September 28th.   The interior layout of Nanchang Xiyingmen is elegant, noble, and simple, with all-weather central air conditioning, two super large underwater worlds, a 12500 square meter leisure square, and 1000 parking spaces, allowing consumers to shop in an environment similar to a five-star hotel. At the same time, Xiyingmen is also equipped with a series of humanized service facilities such as a food center, a child care center, a bank, and a coffee bar. Xiyingmen has pioneered four major commitments to consumers: "advance compensation", "no reason for return", "100% low price", and "100% environmental protection", aiming to create a worry free shopping place for building materials and furniture for consumers in Nanchang. At the opening, a series of promotional activities including discounts and promotions, as well as the promotion of buying building materials and giving away furniture, resulted in nearly 10000 foot traffic on the day of opening, setting a new record for daily foot traffic in similar shopping malls in Nanchang. Analysis: Compared with other provincial capital cities, the competition in the building materials and furniture industry in Nanchang furniture market is more intense, but the business format is relatively backward, and most of them are in a traditional market-oriented and extensive operation state. Xi Yingmen chose Nanchang because of its great potential for growth. Xu Jinghong, General Manager of Nanchang Xiyingmen, said, "We will fill the gap in the Nanchang building materials and furniture market, especially in the mid to high end market." It has been proven that the lack of international first-line brands does not mean that Nanchang people do not have the purchasing power of mid to high end brands. The number of mid to high end real estate projects in Nanchang indicates the size of the market for mid to high end building materials and furniture brands in Nanchang. In the past, it was difficult for top tier brands to enter Nanchang, and another important reason was the lack of an effective bridge. Just as famous brand products must enter high-end shopping malls, famous brand furniture also needs a place of higher grade and scale. In the past, Nanchang lacked a platform for the building materials and furniture industry, but now Xiyingmen has created this condition. The landing of Xiyingmen in Nanchang provides an excellent opportunity for well-known international and domestic building materials and furniture brands to enter the Nanchang and Jiangxi markets. Furniture stores with different shapes and colors have always played various roles on the stage of furniture marketing, experiencing the stickiness and sedimentation of time, and some have become a generation? Xiong, some have become dominant in one place... The world is changing rapidly, but the only constant is change. There is no consistent profit model for sustainable operation, no enduring secret to making money for generations. The situation of furniture stores is also quietly changing, both tangible and intangible. How can the past glory continue? How to open a new chapter? We will continue to pay attention to these.
Intense competition: High end refrigerators are expected to lower prices again this year. The peak season for refrigerator sales is approaching, and the person in charge of home appliance stores predicts that due to the more intense competition in the refrigerator industry this year, price competition will also be more fierce. A report from the National Information Center also predicts that the prices of high-end refrigerators will change relatively frequently this year, and the overall price level will be slightly adjusted downwards. The reporter learned from the "2008 Domestic Key City High end Refrigerator Retail Market Analysis Report" (hereinafter referred to as the "Report") released by the National Information Center that domestic brands have changed the phenomenon of foreign brands occupying the vast majority of the high-end refrigerator market share in the past, and have launched an impact on foreign brands in the high-end refrigerator field in first and second tier city markets. The report predicts that this year, due to brand competition, the price changes of high-end refrigerators will be relatively frequent, and the overall price level will be slightly adjusted downwards. The report shows that a prominent feature of the domestic refrigerator market in 2008 was the overall acceleration of high-end refrigerator consumption. The proportion of high-end refrigerators in the overall sales volume increased from 11.74% in 2007 to 14.49% in 2008. Cai Ying, Director of the Marketing Department of the National Information Center, said, "The sales of high-end refrigerators in 2009 will still be in a stage of accelerating and increasing volume. It is expected that the comprehensive year-on-year growth of high-end refrigerator sales in 2009 will be around 30%, and the scale can reach 3.7 million units." The report pointed out that data from 2008 and the first quarter of 2009 showed that domestic brands such as Haier, Midea, Hisense, Meiling, and Rongsheng had varying degrees of increase in market share of high-end refrigerators. Nevertheless, foreign brands still have a first mover advantage in the competition of high-end refrigerators in the domestic market. The report reveals that currently in the domestic market, high-end refrigerators are gradually increasing in volume. Due to fierce market competition, the overall price level is in a relatively frequent phase of change. According to monitoring data from the National Information Center, in 2008, as the sales scale of high-end refrigerators continued to expand and the proportion of domestic brands increased, the overall average price began to show signs of downward fluctuation. The price adjustment efforts of foreign brands have significantly entered 2009. Due to the impact of the financial crisis, foreign brands have also begun to adjust product prices for specific consumer groups. Top tier products have basically maintained the price level of 2008 or slightly decreased, while popular products have adopted a concession approach to attract consumers. Even some famous foreign brand popular flip door refrigerators are priced lower than domestic brands. Mid to late June is the traditional peak sales season for refrigerators, "Gu Wei, the marketing director of Suning Guangzhou, pointed out to our reporter yesterday. The price of high-end refrigerator products will have a certain degree of decline during this period." However, compared with mid to low end products, the price of high-end refrigerators is relatively stable, with the main price range being around 6000-8000 yuan. Gu Wei predicts that the competition in the refrigerator market this year will be significantly more intense than in previous years, and "price competition is bound to be even more fierce". Wang Yonghong, the publicity manager of Guangzhou Gome, believes that the highlight of refrigerators lies in their "high-end, efficient, and low-priced" nature. Compared to products such as air conditioners and televisions, refrigerators have a relatively high energy efficiency ratio and mature technology, making it easier for mature products to go down in price.
Sina Home Phone connects with industry leaders to listen to their opinions on this matter and their message on the listing of China Real Estate Information Group. [CRIC (China Real Estate Information Group) Listed on NASDAQ], Interview Guests: Yin Bo, General Manager of Lanjing Lijia, Sina Home Furnishings: Hello, Mr. Yin, I am Xie Juan, Editor of Sina Leju Home Furnishings Channel. Thank you for accepting this interview. Yin Bo: Hello.   Do you know about this matter? What is your opinion on this? Yin Bo: I just found out!   Sina Home: Thank you for your affirmation. I also hope that you can provide constructive suggestions. Yin Bo: Under the leadership of Mr. Luo, the work has gained momentum and the current thinking is clearer. I hope Leju can achieve higher standards and more innovative activities compared to other media. Sina Home: What kind of wishes do you have? Yin Bo: Wishing Sina Leju continued success and driving the Beijing home furnishing market to new heights!   As the head of a leading enterprise in this industry, Yin Bo has witnessed the changes in the entire furniture industry. The series of job descriptions following his name is sufficient to demonstrate his significant influence in the entire industry and further affirm his enormous contribution to the industry's carrier, the "Blue View Lijia".   Listed on NASDAQ in the United States, the opening price on the first day was $12.28, exceeding the issue price by $0.28.       CRIC Co Chairman and CEO Zhou Xin said:;   Cao Guowei, Co Chairman of CRIC and CEO of Sina, said, "The successful listing of CRIC is an important step in the cooperation between E-house China and Sina, and also a beneficial attempt for us to explore vertical business models. We are pleased to have the opportunity to leverage the synergies between the two parties. It is also an important part of Sina's future long-term strategy to further expand and deepen the business opportunities in the vertical field of the Internet, establish the company's core competitiveness in the market segments and become bigger and stronger.
A new proposition for white-collar home decoration: Do not have a TV in the living room. According to Jingchu News, (Chutian Jinbao) reporter Ai Qing and correspondent Xiao Rong reported that when getting married and buying a new house, all household appliances are available at home, except for a TV in the living room. Yesterday, the reporter visited the home of programmer Chen Xiaodong. He smiled and told the reporter, "This is at my wife's request, deliberately not placing a TV in the living room." Chen Xiaodong is 28 years old this year and just had his wedding on May Day. His wife Wu Fei works as a human resources specialist in a company. At the end of last year, the two of them put a lot of effort into decorating their new house, and eventually had a dispute over the placement of the TV in the living room. Wu Fei insists on not placing a TV in the living room, only a small TV in the bedroom. She believes that if a TV is placed in the living room, she will turn it on every day when she comes home, lazily lounging on the sofa, with only the TV in her eyes, and the couple will have very few opportunities to talk to each other.   The two argued several times, but Wu Fei held the "economic power" of the family, and Chen Xiaodong had to give up. In the past few days of getting married, there has been a constant stream of guests at home. Whenever they come to visit the new house, they always ask why there is no TV in the living room. Wu Fei, on the other hand, explains with a happy face, "This is to leave us more happy time, we can't let the TV take up all of it." Xiao Dong has to shake his head and give up. Wu Fei told reporters that in almost every new home, the design of the living room revolves around the TV placed in the center of the wall, and it seems that the TV is becoming the protagonist of the home. And this result is that there are very few opportunities for both spouses to look at each other and speak. Does it really mean that without television, a family would have nothing to say? "Wu Fei believes that if this kind of life happens after marriage between couples, it would be a bit too sad.
Consumers are searching for custom factories online, and big brand furniture refers to them as chicken ribs. As soon as they enter their homes, a large row of cabinets has been designed by netizen Xiaoxiu Hua, integrating the study, changing room, and storage room together. Customization, in the eyes of many people, has always been synonymous with luxury, as high-end ready to wear customization and clothing customization are often a game for the wealthy. But now, with the increasing demand for personalization and small-sized apartments, young people have a growing demand for customized furniture. In their home life, they often encounter various blind spots where suitable furniture sizes and styles cannot be found on the market, and uniform styles can also make it difficult to meet individuality. Customization, is it a new way to buy furniture? Xiaodou has been very distressed lately. She wants to buy another bookshelf in her study, but she has searched all the stores but couldn't find furniture of the right size. In fact, upon careful observation of friends around us, there are still many who suffer from this kind of distress. Many people often find various shortcomings and limitations in the process of purchasing furniture, such as inappropriate cabinet size, insufficient table length, and a desire for self-designed furniture... Is there such a service in the market? Search for "custom furniture" online and within 0.1 seconds, over 2 million related web pages will appear. A survey shows that the currently popular custom furniture has accounted for about 10% of the entire furniture market share, and is increasing at a rate of 10% annually. In the customized furniture, consumers become the main furniture designers, and the customization of furniture is decided by consumers themselves, so it is suitable for different consumers' different personality needs for furniture. In addition, furniture manufacturers directly face consumers, reducing various costs in the sales process, so the price of customized furniture of the same material is lower than that of finished furniture. At present, many customized furniture products are being marketed online to capture the consumption characteristics of young people and sell them. This convenient way has also been loved by many young people, and the updating of purchasing methods and concepts has promoted the maturity of customized furniture. A netizen named XIXI told reporters that he had many customization needs when decorating. At that time, he wanted to make a huge countertop table and design it according to the situation of the home, which was impossible to find in the furniture city. So, through a friend's introduction, he found a small online company and finally made the finished product according to XIXI's requirements. XIXI said, "Actually, this is just a small workshop. I used to be quite worried about the quality and craftsmanship of the boards, but later I couldn't find a legitimate big brand to do it, so I had to compromise. Fortunately, there were no problems." Nowadays, with the increasing demand for personalized needs and customized furniture, many small workshops have started to explore online, becoming a force that cannot be ignored. In the interviews and surveys conducted by reporters, many young people like to make customized furniture online or in small shops in building materials cities. Firstly, these small shops offer cheaper prices and can also provide customized furniture according to the needs and designs of young people. However, most standardized furniture brands are unwilling to enter the market due to high technical and management requirements, and would rather hand over the market to small manufacturers. This also leads to the fact that most of the manufacturers currently willing to undertake furniture customization business are relatively small in scale and of low level. So for most customized furniture, brand awareness is not strong. Many big brands are reluctant to get involved, but small workshops are not big brands after all. Consumers still have concerns about environmental indicators, board quality, craftsmanship, after-sales service, and other aspects. Zhou Kaijun, the general manager of Feimei Furniture, told reporters that currently many panel furniture products in China are relatively similar, and most enterprises are mass producing them. However, in Europe, there is a situation where both mass production and personalized customization coexist. As a new force in furniture brands, Feimei Furniture has also targeted the personalized customization family and made this part of its business a major feature. Although it was difficult at the beginning, the prospects are promising. According to the reporter's understanding, many large brands and legitimate manufacturers have seen the potential and future of the customized furniture market, but they are not easily involved.   Zhou Kaijun also openly acknowledged the difficulties of customizing furniture. "Although it may seem simple, there are actually many details involved, especially the difficulty of management and systems, which cannot be easily achieved." The owner of a furniture company also said that doing non-standard production is not something that can be done just by wanting to do it. It not only requires machines, but it is also very troublesome. According to market research conducted by reporters, some furniture brands are currently accepting non-standard production tasks, but generally require additional fees and longer construction periods. Many surveyed consumers expressed that there are actually many places in their homes that can be utilized, but due to the inability to find suitable furniture in the market, they can only give up. A considerable number of consumers express that if customized furniture has a brand, is environmentally friendly, and has a reasonable price, it will be the main choice for purchasing furniture. After all, the land in the home is expensive now, so try to use it as much as possible.
President Situ Wenfu, Executive Director of Bimei International Group, personally visited the venue to unveil the new store.   It is reported that during the opening period, consumers' shopping enthusiasm was high and the atmosphere was lively. In a short period of time, the store has reached nearly 500000 yuan in revenue. On the day of trial operation, all six 100 million euro flooring brands in Guiyang Bimei Flooring participated in activities such as "7-day no reason return and exchange", "3-fold refund for price comparison", "advance compensation", "green environmental protection", etc. The customer flow reached more than 1000 people, and the sales revenue also increased more than ten times compared to usual. Among them, the Belgian brand Balterio, which won the 2008 European Championship Flooring, and the century old Austrian brand Kaindl Group globally launched unique European patents Kaindl, Two series, and the Belgian Flexura 2.5 high-tech flooring, which integrates classic, fashionable, and environmental protection, were the most popular. ”The relevant person in charge of Bimei International Group stated that Bimei has always taken the mid to high end route. On the day of trial operation, mid to high end flooring was the most in demand, and dozens of orders were signed in a short period of time. The person in charge stated that the restructured Bimei Guiyang Red Star Macalline flagship store not only has a more complete range of categories and a more reasonable product layout, but also has a display area where customers can compare and reference multiple brands, models, and specifications at the same time, making it convenient for citizens to choose the flooring that best meets their needs.
The 13th work of the 6th "Yuanzhou Cup" Design Competition is a sofa. The 13th work of the 6th "Yuanzhou Cup" Design Competition is a sofa
Cabinet companies favor specialization and versatility, and the industry calls for caution. "Dongfang Bangtai Cabinets are ushering in the era of home customization," "Dibai Cabinets are launching special priced wardrobes," "Buy Cologne Cabinets and Get Cologne Wardrobes as a Gift," "Bangyi Cabinets are offering products such as wardrobes, shoe cabinets, bedside tables, bathroom cabinets, TV cabinets, etc." Recently, our editor found during a visit to the building materials market that more and more cabinet companies are launching home products such as wardrobes. What are the problems behind the diversified development trend of cabinet companies? How do consumers view this phenomenon... With a series of questions, our editor visited industry experts. Cabinet companies: Based on market conditions, companies specializing in making cabinets to meet their own customer needs are starting to produce a series of products such as wardrobes, bathroom cabinets, and TV cabinets. What are the reasons for this? Regarding this, Ding Jun, Deputy General Manager of Dongfang Bangtai, stated that "Dongfang Bangtai launched wardrobes mainly based on the needs of Dongfang Bangtai's own customers." Ding pointed out that "in recent years, we have often encountered many customers who are satisfied with our cabinet products and then ask us if we can meet their needs for other customized furniture. Moreover, the proportion of customers with this demand is increasing. Before we launched a customized furniture product system, the proportion of our cabinet customers ordering bathroom cabinet products from us had already reached 50%. Mr. Chen from Bangyi Cabinets said, "The development from cabinets to integrated home furnishings is mainly a manifestation of product diversification and meeting the needs of our own customers. From this year's situation, customers who purchase products other than cabinets have reached 60% -70%. Consumer: Is it joy or worry? Cabinet companies with different opinions have started to produce other home products such as wardrobes, shoe cabinets, bathroom cabinets, etc., attracting the attention of many consumers. According to a survey, wardrobe and other products launched by cabinet companies are much cheaper than those launched by companies specializing in wardrobes, shoe cabinets, and other products in the market. Currently, the marketing of other home products launched by cabinet companies mainly follows the cabinet marketing route. In order to win more market share, most cabinet companies attract consumers' attention by "buying cabinets and getting wardrobes as a gift" or "buying cabinets and enjoying wardrobe discounts". Whether to purchase other home products from cabinet companies or from professional home products, consumers have their own opinions. At a cabinet store on the negative first floor of Red Star, Ms. Shao, a consumer, said, "The prices of wardrobes and other products launched by cabinet companies are much cheaper than those in the market. This really makes me tempted. Considering that when you buy cabinets for decoration, you must buy wardrobes and other home products. Moreover, these products also use raw cabinet door panel materials, which is environmentally friendly and reassuring. Therefore, it is better to complete them in one stop, saving time and effort in searching for other products while also saving money. However, Mr. Zeng, a consumer, disagrees: "Although the price is favorable, I personally feel that it is still not reassuring enough. Considering that the production process of cabinets is different from that of wardrobes and other products, the professionalism may not be as high as that of enterprises specializing in the production of wardrobes and other products. In addition, the selection of wardrobes and other home products launched by cabinet enterprises is very limited, so I personally think it is better to purchase from specialized enterprises. Industry experts: Various factors are driving the diversified development of the industry, and cabinet companies are starting to develop other home products. Is this the result of intense competition? Or is it a reintegration of resources? Regarding this, Zhu Bingsheng, the president of the Nanjing Decoration Industry Association, pointed out that "various factors have led to the following results: firstly, cabinet companies in the market have started producing wardrobes and other home products, which have certain brand advantages, and the production processes of cabinets, wardrobes, bathroom cabinets and other home products are similar; secondly, the materials used in cabinet bodies and wardrobes are now unified and can be used interchangeably; thirdly, these cabinet companies have sales channels, that is, their own cabinet customers, and can fully utilize this effective sales channel to bring out value-added products. Although cabinet companies have ample advantages in exploring other home products, they should not blindly follow suit. Experts point out that cabinet companies should fully consider whether their platforms are capable of producing other products, whether they have market share, and whether their product awareness is high. Secondly, although cabinets and wardrobes and other home products have similar production processes, there are still differences. Therefore, cabinet manufacturers must pay attention to the quality, craftsmanship, and installation standards of the new products they launch, and not ruin the cabinet brand due to negligence in new products. At the same time, as consumers, when purchasing wardrobes and other products from cabinet companies, it is important to choose cabinet companies with good reputation and brands.
The drawbacks of the four modes of cabinet marketing are evident, and innovation is urgent. Due to the special nature of cabinet products, compared to other building materials, the development of the cabinet industry requires a more benign marketing channel. At present, the sales channels of China's cabinet industry mainly include physical stores, self operated stores, online marketing, franchise agents, and experience centers. However, with the gradual development of the market and the continuous changes in the situation, these four models have gradually shown their respective drawbacks, and innovative marketing models have become an urgent matter for the cabinet industry in 2008. Selling cabinets in the store is one of the traditional marketing models favored by most branded cabinet companies. However, due to the characteristics of customized cabinet products, long time consumption, and long capital chain, cabinet manufacturers are struggling to cope with capital turnover. In addition, coupled with the strong position of the store and the gradual entry of the store into the cabinet industry, it has become exclusive to other cabinet brands in the store. Therefore, the relationship between the store and suppliers is delicate, and conflicts are imminent. However, it cannot be denied that the store is still one of the preferred marketing channels for many cabinet companies at present. The huge driving force of the sales of cabinet products in the store has made many cabinet brands unable to stop selling in the store. According to a survey, some large-scale cabinet brands choose self operated stores as a "secondary channel" for marketing. Cabinet companies' self operated stores push the interpretation of the brand and the enhancement of culture to the extreme, which is also one of the main reasons why most cabinet companies value self operated stores. Self operated stores are not a panacea, they are mainly suitable for large-scale branded cabinet enterprises, "said an industry insider. Due to the large upfront investment required for self operated stores, it is a test of the company's capital turnover. Furthermore, site selection is also one of the main factors that self operated stores need to consider, such as transportation conditions and consumer groups, which determine the success or failure of self operated store site selection. , online sales of cabinets are developing rapidly. Due to the growing power of the Internet, online marketing has gradually become the new favorite of cabinet industry marketing due to its unique advantages and characteristics. Especially for the unique characteristics of cabinet products, online marketing has a unique advantage in building brand awareness and reputation. Zhao Liang, General Manager of Gold Medal Cabinets Beijing, introduced that in the process of participating in online media marketing, his positive attitude has greatly benefited the enterprise, winning reputation and profits. However, at the same time, some cabinet companies are still adopting a wait-and-see attitude towards online marketing. According to the survey, the huge success of online marketing models has led more cabinet companies to hold an increasingly optimistic attitude towards this marketing model. According to Mou Yong, Secretary General of the Kitchen and Bath Chamber of Commerce of the Beijing Federation of Industry and Commerce, online marketing will also become one of the main marketing channels for the cabinet industry in the future.
When the raging financial crisis spreads globally, "bankruptcy", "contagion", and "shock" have become the most popular words, and people seem to empathize with the true meanings of these words. All living beings show signs of instability, collapse, or the wind blowing up when the storm is about to come. Political leaders, financial conglomerates, industry giants, and others from various countries are working together to warm up and resist the cold wave, leading to the global economy entering the "post financial crisis era".   Economists generally hold an optimistic attitude towards the trend of the Chinese economy in 2010.   Perhaps the middle and downstream industries driven by the real estate industry - home building materials and decoration industry - should be experienced firsthand. With the pillar industries entering the post financial crisis era together, the road we need to take in 2010 will not be so smooth, but we must move forward.   At this point, there is no need to argue whether the building materials industry drives the decoration industry or the decoration industry drives the building materials industry? Everyone should calmly think about where the home, decoration, and building materials industries are going to go? All parties in the Beijing home decoration and building materials industry are actively exploring ways out.   The organizing committee of the Home Expo proposed that in today's nodal economic environment, should we move forward or backward? Are you going or staying? We should approach future trends and developments with a forward-looking perspective, rather than just staying at the present. The Home Expo is a platform for direct communication between enterprises and consumers built in this large economic environment. If enterprises want to remain evergreen in the market, the establishment and development of their brands are the key. The platform of the Home Expo can not only bring direct benefits to enterprises, but more importantly, it can enhance their brands and make them more well-known to consumers. So the bundled alliance development model emerged, and the Home Expo joined hands with numerous home decoration and building materials enterprises to embark on a path of common branding, seek development together, and create prosperity. At the same time, the organizing committee of the Home Expo proposed that developing a community of shared interests is not a short journey, but a healthy and long-term journey. To truly grow and strengthen an industry, and to develop as an industry, we should not only awaken our path under the financial tsunami, redefine ourselves, bravely be reshufflers, and identify the brand path. This is the foundation of our growth and strength. The concept of the Home Expo is to build a bridge for building materials production enterprises to reach retail terminals; Find trustworthy and affordable options for consumers, and become an attractive and caring person; Build a stage for decoration companies to showcase themselves; Facing risks and challenges together.   In addition, based on the summary of the previous three exhibition activities, we have determined the main theme of the fourth exhibition activity, which is the promotion lottery activity to attract a large number of consumers. The lottery activity is divided into two parts. One is the "Public Award", where any participating consumer can participate in the lottery by filling out a form; Another is the "Lucky GOGOGO" award event at the Home Expo. The prize is a luxury sedan worth 100000 yuan, which can be used for free for three years. Consumers who sign orders on site can participate in lucky draws. The reason for setting up large prizes is to attract consumers and to give back their support for the Home Expo. Of course, we have also retained the good traditional activities of the first three editions, such as the 10000 person group buying event, the 2010 Home Fashion Trend Release, and the 2010 China Home Development Forum. In addition, the home logo collection activity initiated by the organizing committee will also be announced. After successfully holding its third exhibition at the end of August this year, Beijing Home Expo Exhibition Co., Ltd. began to formulate a development strategy for the whole country. Our strategic execution level covers two main lines: one is to establish strategic alliances with building materials production enterprises and industries. Years ago, we went to Nanxun, Zhejiang, China's flooring system to communicate with the flooring industry association and corporate executives, hoping that everyone could understand our exhibition philosophy and development strategy. We hoped that we could truly become strategic partners with flooring production companies and industries, so that everyone could be bound together in the face of fierce market competition and become mutually beneficial partners. The second is to expand to first-class cities across the country.   At the same time, make preparations to hold home exhibitions in at least six cities across the country (Jinan, Taiyuan, Hohhot, Shijiazhuang, Chongqing, Chengdu, etc.) from 2011 to 2012, so that the platform created by the home exhibitions can truly bring economic benefits to participating companies and make it a home festival for consumers.
Decoration pollution is shocking, experts suggest reducing it to zero. Home decoration inevitably comes into contact with various chemical materials and substances, causing various types of pollution that can harm the human body to varying degrees. Let's take a look at how to minimize pollution! The sources of formaldehyde include artificial boards used in home decoration, as well as decorative materials such as furniture, wallpaper, wall cloth, paint, and coatings, all of which contain formaldehyde and have a concentration of 3%? Slowly released within 15 years. Currently, according to indoor environmental monitoring departments, newly renovated homes have varying degrees of formaldehyde pollution. What is formaldehyde? Formaldehyde is a colorless, highly volatile, glaring, pungent, and throat irritating substance. A 40% formaldehyde solution is formalin, which is widely used in wood production and is the main raw material for improving the adhesion strength of adhesives in the production of boards. Its toxicity ranks second in China's priority list of toxic chemicals. When the formaldehyde content in the living room is greater than 0.1mg per cubic centimeter, there is an odor and discomfort. When it is greater than 0.5mg per cubic centimeter, the eyes are stimulated and shed tears. When it is greater than 0.6mg per cubic centimeter, nausea, chest tightness, vomiting, discomfort and pain in the throat. When it is greater than 6.5mg per cubic centimeter, it can cause pulmonary edema, pneumonia, and even death. Long term living in a room contaminated with formaldehyde can cause weakened immunity, infertility, malformed fetuses, respiratory diseases, depression, leukemia, and cancer. Formaldehyde exceeds the standard by 26 times??     In August of the same year, Mr. Lu noticed a pungent smell while driving and began to experience small patches of hair loss on his head. After testing, the formaldehyde content in the air inside the car exceeded the normal value by more than 26 times. After unsuccessful negotiations with the other party, Mr. Lu sued Beijing Yunlong Star Automobile Trading Co., Ltd. to Chaoyang District Court, demanding that the other party refund the purchase price and various expenses totaling 755682 yuan. Ms. Xu purchased a house in Building 9 of Phase 4 of 21st Century Garden due to sudden fetal death and completed the renovation at the end of last year. On January 25th, she moved in with her husband. More than ten days later, Ms. Xu found out that she was pregnant. After four years of marriage, this was her first pregnancy, and her family was overjoyed. My husband's parents came to Chengdu specifically to take care of Ms. Xu. Shortly after moving into the new house, the family experienced an abnormality. Xu told the reporter that his father had only lived for 9 days and then went back to his hometown because he couldn't stand the smell of the new house. His mother often got up at midnight to drink water because her throat was dry. On March 8th, during a routine examination at the Provincial Maternal and Child Health Hospital, Ms. Xu was shocked to learn that her fetus, which had been in her womb for over two months, had no heartbeat. A week later, two ultrasound scans confirmed this bad news again. Xu was forced to undergo an artificial abortion.   It is understood that due to various reasons, indoor environmental pollution in China is still very serious, especially in some newly built and renovated kindergartens and households. The harm of indoor environmental pollution to children's health has attracted the attention of parents and early childhood educators. Wu Beiqiu, Executive Director of the Expert Committee on China's Care for the Next Generation, said that currently, the better the decoration and the more beautiful the kindergarten, the greater the pollution. The information from the hospital indicates that there are more and more children with strabismus, amblyopia, and myopia, all of which are related to environmental decoration and indoor air pollution. The main sources and hazards of toxic gases include formaldehyde, artificial boards, paints, adhesives, coatings, etc., which cause protein degeneration in human cells and cause significant damage to the hypothalamus and retina. Abnormal smell and stimulation of allergies can lead to abnormal lung, liver, and immune function in the human body. Formaldehyde may also cause genetic damage in humans and is listed as a suspected carcinogen by the International Association for Research on Cancer. Benzene based paints, coatings, and other substances can cause mild respiratory and skin absorption poisoning, leading to headaches, nausea, chest tightness, dizziness, tremors, and changes in blood and hematopoietic function. Has an impact on the nervous system, liver, kidneys, and immune system. Benzene is a pathogenic factor in leukemia and a carcinogen that can weaken human reproductive ability. Ammonia concrete antifreeze is irritating and damaging to the skin, respiratory tract, and eyes. May cause bronchitis and dermatitis. Total volatile organic compounds, organic solutions, building materials, fiber materials, household fuels, and indoor decoration materials are irritating and can cause dizziness, headache, drowsiness, weakness, chest tightness, and other symptoms that can disrupt the body's immune system, affect central nervous system function, and even affect the digestive system. In severe cases, they can damage the liver and hematopoietic function, leading to allergic reactions. Eight Misconceptions in Decoration: Misconception 1: When designing a living room, consider more beauty and luxury, without principles, and do not pay much attention to the indoor environment, functions, and safety. Misconception 2: As long as you choose high-end or expensive building materials, you can definitely avoid pollution. Misconception 3: For a large home decoration company to decorate, the indoor environment should be qualified and able to move in quickly. Misconception 4: After decoration, air fresheners such as pineapple peels and orange peels can be used to purify indoor harmful gases. Misconception 5: Air pollution can be solved by using an air purifier. Misconception 6: All the decoration materials used are environmentally friendly products, so the indoor air after decoration will not be polluted. Misconception 7: It is normal for newly renovated houses and newly purchased furniture to have some unpleasant odors because they are all new. Misconception 8: If you don't feel any unpleasant odor at home after staying for a period of time, there is no formaldehyde present.
The Hero Tower has become a new driving force for real Germans to fight against counterfeits. Where there is Li Kui, there must be Li Gui. Fake goods have always been a lingering shadow of high-quality and reputable products. Enterprises crack down on counterfeits every day, every month, and every year. Shide is no exception. However, the Hero Tower incident allowed Shide to view and value anti-counterfeiting activities from a social perspective. "Quality is life, and this is a simple truth reflected in every product that affects people's lives," Shide people now say. This summer, Shide Group will launch a heavy attack on counterfeit goods. The Hero Tower incident brought infinite glory and powerful impact to the people of Shide. Don't just look at a door or window, a beam, a brick or tile... the quality of a product may determine a person's fate in a special situation. In the past, the concept of "quality is life" was reflected in products such as food that have a closer relationship with the people. Now, Shide people realize that every product related to people's lives can fully embody the quality concept of "quality is life". Since the beginning of Shide profile production, counterfeit goods have quietly emerged. Although counterfeit goods only occupy a small share in the market, their existence has always been a concern for us, "said Wang Dehua, Vice President of Shide Group. With the strong impact of Hero Tower on the overall quality concept of Shide Group, Shide people have a deeper understanding and comprehension that counterfeit goods not only harm the efficiency and image of a company, but also bring huge hidden dangers and hazards to people's lives. In June 2008, a massive "Shide Product" anti-counterfeiting campaign launched by Shide Group was launched across the country.
Interpreting floor marketing, second and third tier cities are real markets. Starting from the failed case of cartoon children's flooring, according to the author's understanding, some flooring companies such as Shengxiang have launched cartoon flooring specifically for children. From the perspective of market segmentation, cartoon flooring is a relatively new concept, and the starting point for flooring companies is that every modern parent is willing to spend money on their children, and this positioning seems to be appropriate. In fact, after a period of actual sales, the cartoon flooring of the Holy Elephant did not achieve the expected good market response, and now the products have been taken off the shelves. Several other brands that have previously launched children's flooring have also encountered a lukewarm response from the market. Flooring is a "cold" industry that requires attention. We should learn to seize the "hot" points. People who are not prepared for decoration will not have any interest in flooring. Consumers only start paying attention to flooring during decoration. This is the characteristic of the "cold" concern in floor consumption. In response to this characteristic, flooring companies should have a targeted grasp of "hot topics" in their advertising promotions. Based on Fox's long-term experience in brand and marketing consulting for flooring companies and the successful case of "building flooring brands at low cost", we have summarized a set of practical promotional methods that effectively improve the visibility and reputation of flooring companies with lower advertising costs. Firstly, flooring companies should prioritize professional media over mainstream media and improve the targeted nature of their publicity. For consumers, flooring is a relatively unfamiliar field, and only by understanding more and comprehensive information can they establish a trust relationship with the brand. Due to high costs, mass media cannot carry too much content in advertising content, and its role is to spread brand awareness. The dissemination of mass media is broad, and the proportion of advertising recipients who truly have a demand for flooring consumption may only be a few percent. Therefore, flooring companies should make full use of media platforms such as real estate, decoration, and home furnishings that are popular among "prospective decorators", strengthen brand promotion efforts, and promote their products in a soft way, which will be more targeted and effective. Secondly, before and after the handover, it is the golden time for floor marketing, and community promotion is certainly important. Secretly distributing flyers and materials obviously has little effect. How to use the resource platform of developers or property management companies to intervene in a series of contact links before and after the handover is worth exploring for floor companies. 3. Generally speaking, the information that consumers can accept and understand is simple, easy to understand, and intuitive. Flooring is a highly specialized product, with various technical indicators, a wide variety of named raw materials, a diverse range of product lines, and frequent product updates, which have left consumers confused. From a product perspective alone, consumers find it difficult to make purchasing decisions. How many ordinary consumers understand what "sixth generation flooring", "EO level environmental protection", and "nanotechnology" are. Faced with consumers' lack of understanding, the marketing methods of flooring companies should not be preachy from an expert perspective, but should be communicated to consumers in a popular, interactive, and persuasive way. For example, in the sales process of a specialty store, the salesperson uses real-life simulations to prove the wear resistance, compression resistance, or other properties of the floor, which is much more effective and vivid than verbal preaching. It is easier to attract consumers' attention and identify with and purchase your product. 4. After sales service can enhance the reasons for purchasing. We all say, '30% product, 70% pavement', which highlights the importance of after-sales service for flooring. Flooring is a product that can be used for a long time. Addressing consumers' concerns about after-sales quality and increasing quality care after sales will undoubtedly enhance consumers' purchasing reasons. After sales service is not an empty slogan, but a practical action that requires a certain amount of investment. Enterprises need to consider the cost of after-sales service as the most profitable investment. In terms of after-sales service, the two leading flooring brands, Nature and Holy Elephant, are undoubtedly at the forefront. Holy Elephant's "Floor Butler" and Nature's "Golden Nanny" have both registered trademarks and are committed to creating professional and standardized service brands. In the era of refined decoration: a sudden change in the consumption and marketing model of flooring. Just before the Olympics, the Ministry of Housing and Urban Rural Development issued a notice stating the gradual cancellation of rough housing. Beijing, Shenzhen, Shanghai and other cities have mandated that newly built commercial residential properties must be fully decorated and sold. This is undoubtedly a great opportunity for flooring companies. In 2010, the proportion of fully renovated residential buildings in the central urban area of Shanghai reached 60% to 70%. In Guangzhou, nearly 60% of the newly developed properties this year are furnished apartments, while only 40% are unfinished apartments. In Hangzhou, experts predict that the real estate market will enter the "year of high-end decoration" in 2008. Not long ago, Del Flooring won the bid and became the winning bidder of Vanke Real Estate, setting a record by winning the bid for a 500000 square meter high-end real estate project, covering Del Reinforced and Solid Wood Composite series flooring, involving multiple high-end decoration real estate projects in Shanghai, Nanjing, Wuxi, Suzhou, and Hangzhou. What impact will the real estate market in the era of refined decoration have on flooring marketing? Will we change the traditional sales model of terminal display? How can flooring companies respond to this market change and come up with their own unique marketing strategies? Many companies recognize the importance of terminals in enterprise sales: "Winning the Terminal" and "Terminal is King". However, as we enter the "era of fine decoration", how can flooring companies quickly adapt to this important market change and change the familiar terminal sales model? Because the terminal sales system based on traditional household or personal consumption will lose its original glory, in this case, channels are more important than terminals. It can be predicted that with the increasing proportion of finely decorated real estate projects, the proportion of household and personalized floor consumption will decrease, while the proportion of sales through engineering channels will increase. This change may be a slow process, but it can be boldly predicted that in the near future, engineering decoration and terminal stores will be evenly matched, becoming the two core channels for sales of domestic flooring enterprises. The floor paving of finely decorated residential buildings is directly purchased in bulk by developers from flooring companies or handled by large decoration engineering companies. It is not related to the floor terminal, and the discourse power lies with the decorators and developers. And good brand influence, engineering case reputation, competitive prices (or deductions), coupled with necessary public relations measures, are the key to whether flooring can enter the new huge market of fine decoration channels. How to cope with this market change and strengthen brand promotion activities for home decoration companies and developers? How to establish influential model projects? How to establish brand credibility in the minds of decoration companies or developers? Flooring companies need to establish a complete set of scientific brand operation, engineering development system, channel construction plan, and service system. Enterprises accustomed to traditional terminal sales can borrow methods from external brains, ask experts for solutions, act quickly, and win the market. It can be predicted that traditional flooring companies that are slow to react and do not want to change will miss the opportunity and shrink their "territory" in the face of this new market opportunity.
Red Star Macalline Chairman and CEO Che Jianxin, representatives from the Home Furnishings Association, representatives from the China Children's Fund, and many well-known brand distributors attended the meeting together. At the meeting, Red Star Macalline officially announced the signing of a contract with Big and Small S, and auctioned off the clothing worn by Big and Small S during the advertisement shooting on site, with all the proceeds donated to the Wenchuan disaster area. The release of the stunning new advertisement by Red Star Macalline, with its international elements of beauty, fashion, and taste, has sparked a fashion trend in the somewhat calm home industry. At the Red Star Macalline Fashion TVC, which shook the Chinese home furnishing industry, two new TVCs just released by Red Star Macalline won unanimous applause from attendees for their exquisite production and meticulous fashion sense. In particular, the TVC's unique and innovative magical creativity, classic interpretation of advertising imagery, and distinctive content matching and presentation forms allowed the audience present to experience a feast of visual and auditory advertising. "Home decor can be fashionable, and advertising can be so exciting," commented a guest. The protagonists of the new TVC of Red Star Macalline, the big and small sisters, were also very satisfied with the shooting effect of this commercial. Xiao S, who has always been spicy, said, "This is the most magical advertisement I have ever filmed, and it will also be the most fashionable advertisement in the Chinese home furnishing industry. Da S said, "Thank you to Red Star Macalline for inviting such a strong filming team and production team. I am very happy to have filmed me so beautifully. Obviously, the Chairman and CEO of Red Star Macalline, Che Jianxin, is also quite satisfied with the brand's new TVC. At the signing ceremony, Chejian Xin stated that "the pursuit of fashion has become an unstoppable trend in the home industry. The fashion, taste, and personality traits of the S size coincide with the home concept of 'beautiful life, happy family' advocated by Red Star Macalline, which is the fundamental reason for choosing the S size as the brand spokesperson. ”Industry insiders believe that Red Star Macalline's choice of S as its brand spokesperson caters to the rising trend of new consumer groups in the home market, meets the needs of home culture and home art development, and will also make new annotations for the "popular fashion" of home furnishings. Hiring S as the brand spokesperson is another major strategy for Red Star Macalline's brand upgrade, following its partnership with the US based Huaping Investment Group. Market insiders believe that the successful joint venture with Huaping Investment Group in the United States has enabled Red Star Macalline to achieve a magnificent transformation from a private enterprise to a Sino US joint venture. The signing of the S size contract this time is an important strategic deployment for Red Star Macalline to deepen its fashion and international brand image.
The new trend of eco-friendly furniture and the popularity of reusable material furniture. According to news from the United States on October 10th, the struggling global furniture industry has found a much-needed lifesaver from some unconventional means. In the years leading up to this, who would have thought that materials such as "recycled" wood, bicycle tires, or bourbon barrels could have some connection with this industry, let alone rescue it from its precarious sales situation. But according to data from the environmental advocacy organization MarketTransformation, to, Sustainability, sales of green furniture have increased at an annual rate of 20% since 2007, reaching the current $250 million. Although this is only a small number in the home decoration industry with a total market value of 76 billion US dollars, it is also a rare symbol of vitality in the furniture industry in recent times. Flipping through the magazines in the newsstand, you can see that design products are desperately trying to add a touch of environmental and green light, from corrugated cardboard lamps (recyclable!) to long sofas wrapped in leftover tent materials. Such products are not uncommon. Mainstream brands such as IKEA (view map) and Pottery, Barn are also joining this environmental trend, showing their stance with soy based cushions and certified sustainable wood products. It's easy for you to agree with this global environmental trend that is getting higher and higher. But some furniture industry insiders say that the prevalence of environmental trends is partly due to the declining economic situation curbing conspicuous luxury consumption, and luxury materials such as velvet and calf leather seem to be moving away from people's sight. In recent days, some trend observers have suggested that some trendy armchairs are more likely to use old-fashioned rough hemp materials as surface decorations to achieve a more approachable and away from boasting effect. In such an economy, interior designer Oliver Furth from Los Angeles, USA, said that people nowadays do not want to leave others with a feeling of spending money like water, but "if it is an environmentally friendly green product, it doesn't matter if you spend more." Using reusable or recycled materials is not a new idea, but recently the practice of this idea has become increasingly popular. For example, a used bourbon barrel can be used as a trendy side table. A design company in Brooklyn, New York, made a $2800 chair from recycled car springs. In addition, the scope of recycled materials is much wider than that of wood. Under the current design trend aimed at reducing landfill waste, a bar stool made of old chrome alloy bicycle wheels can also be sold for $425. Although you may not need avant-garde decorations to present an eco-friendly color, there are indeed more designers with an eco-friendly mindset trying to cater to this mainstream taste. You may not be able to imagine that the Adirondack chair produced by Loll, Designs is actually made from a melted milk jug. Alternatively, Lee Industries' classic decorations are actually made from recycled plastic bottles and metal springs. However, how can consumers distinguish which products are indeed beneficial to the environment and which ones are actually just for cosmetic purposes? Experts suggest that consumers can choose products produced by member companies of the Sustainable, Furnishings, Council. The industry alliance requires its highest level member companies to obtain Sustainable, Materials, Rating, Technology certification. The problem is that many brands that attract customers through environmental protection do not have similar certifications, including IKEA. IKEA has stated that it is too difficult for its suppliers worldwide to comply with various regulatory requirements. Even some certified companies may not strictly comply with the relevant requirements in their actual production. In addition, such certifications and environmental requirements often come with additional costs. The product is distributed in Copeland, 17 states in the United States. Furniture company stated that using certified wood has increased its cost by 10%, and this cost increase will inevitably be added to consumers. However, overall, the cost of producing environmentally friendly furniture on a large scale is still lower than that of limited edition design products. Pottery, Barn's eco-friendly sofas start at $999, but what about those sofas made of discarded military tents? 3995 dollars! ——Not to mention the patches all over them.
Milan Design Week, as an annual event in the design industry, has always attracted top designers, design and product companies, and media worldwide with cutting-edge and high-quality designs and products. During Milan Design Week, ABITARE China tirelessly visited a variety of exhibition areas, including Milan Furniture Fair and Satellite Salon, in order to seek first-hand fresh content and draw creative inspiration.  
The outbreak of the financial crisis has inevitably driven the growth of online shopping, and attracted more and more home furnishing companies to invest in the construction of online shopping malls due to the convenience, speed, and low prices of online shopping. How can the home e-commerce created by Lover stand out like a dark horse in the industry during economic downturns, achieve rapid development, and become a compass for home consumption? Please follow the essayist to uncover the secrets behind its core advantages! Home B2C is an inevitable product to adapt to economic development. After the financial crisis, everyone is reflecting on how to create a new and truly recognized business model by consumers, fully expand market share, and give enterprises the driving force to take off again. Lover is precisely redefining the interests of merchants, the internet, and consumers, establishing a new business model: 1. Truly benefiting consumers, promising the lowest price in Beijing, and returning double the difference. 2. Developed B2C online shopping malls, which are different from traditional home marketing models, providing merchants with a new platform to showcase products and promote their brands. 3. As an independent third-party regulatory platform, LoveHome guarantees the payment and quality of both parties. Low price competition is the core competitiveness of marketing, and the internet provides a vast platform for enterprises to extend infinitely: saving the rental cost of storefronts, manufacturers provide direct supply without inventory costs, factory price supply omits intermediary agent costs... These together form a stable guarantee for LoveHome to promise the lowest price in Beijing. The service challenge of online shopping has become an economic product that is difficult to reverse. In addition to facing a series of issues such as balancing the price system online and offline, and the benefits between distributors, the service culture has also become one of the indispensable reasons for the rapid development of consumers in the industry: online, 24-hour online services, forums, messages, and instant dialogue boxes, connecting the breakpoints of time and space; A comprehensive payment system and multiple payment guarantees, worry free procurement; Offline, the 400 customer service hotline adds a sense of network realism, and the manufacturer's delivery brings merchants and customers closer together. Unconditional returns and exchanges are also zero distance services provided by LoveHome to customers. Rich products, independent settlement function, sufficient cash flow, free delivery service, comprehensive after-sales guarantee It is precisely by meeting these demanding conditions that home lovers can operate normally, and consumers can truly relax and engage in home consumption online.
Among them, there are 467 qualified entries, and after the first round of online voting, a total of 110 entries from 105 participating designers have been awarded.   Event Time: January 22, 2010, 14:00-21:00 PM Event Location: Beijing Marriott Hotel Attendees: Approximately 150 people;   Representatives and distributors of Xinwang, as well as relevant guests, have arranged appointments with news media, etc. Host: Li Yanling, Editor in Chief of Sina Home Channel. The following is a transcript of the live broadcast: Host Li Yanling: Good afternoon, leaders, guests, and friends!   I am the host of this event, Li Yanling, the editor in chief of Sina Home. Many of you here are my old friends, and I am very happy to be here with you all.   The first competition was officially named the Lisdell Cup with the strong support of Shanghai Xinwang Wallpaper Co., Ltd.   In addition to the award-winning designers of the competition, representatives from design units and enterprises from all over the country also attended today's event. Today is a gathering of stars, a grand event in our design industry, and also a grand event for our designers. On behalf of the organizers, we would like to say to the hardworking designers on the design front: Thank you for your hard work! Finally, on behalf of the organizers, I would like to extend a warm welcome to all the designers and representatives of design units who have come today. At the same time, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to the designers and design units who have actively participated in our event.     At the same time, on behalf of the organizers, I would like to express our sincerest gratitude to the media friends who have silently supported our event.
On the prospects of Chongqing wooden doors, how to achieve leapfrog development? The formation of industry scale will inevitably lead to survival of the fittest. In recent years, Chongqing wooden doors have reached more than 300 production enterprises. Driven by the two brand enterprises "Star" and "Maxim", it has attracted distributors from all over the country and expanded the production of Chongqing wooden doors. At the same time, through industry exhibitions, industry websites, and industry media promotion, Chongqing has attracted the attention of peers from other regions. Industry insiders have reported that Chongqing is not as good as Guangdong, Northeast China, Sichuan and other places in terms of wood procurement channels, so there are relatively few manufacturers producing solid wood doors. Currently, the main products are solid wood composite doors and molded doors, occupying the national market with mid to low end set doors. This has formed a different production and operation model from other regions. Due to the order based production and delivery mode of the wooden door industry, various people have entered the wooden door industry one after another, hoping to seize this "cake". There is a significant contrast in the scale of wooden door enterprises in Chongqing, and some enterprises that lack ideological preparation and blindly set up factories have been defeated one after another, falling into a state of "people walking and equipment selling". As an emerging industry, the involvement of management and technical personnel in the furniture, decoration, and wooden door enterprises has intensified competition in the wooden door industry in Chongqing. In particular, newly entered enterprises lack industry investigation, funding, factories, equipment, technology, and talent, leading to a major transformation of the industry. Expanding technological strength to attract talent to return in order to improve product quality, many wooden door enterprises in Chongqing have expanded their share of producing solid wood composite doors, and have also invited senior technicians from Guangdong and Northeast China to train employees and enhance technical processes. Enterprises like Chongqing's "Junguan", "Mingfeng", and "Diya", although only established for over a year, have developed rapidly in terms of technology. They continuously introduce new styles and processes by combining raw materials and equipment, attracting many customers from other places to visit and place orders with the company. Zhou Lun, the general manager of "Junguan", said, "Although our company is a latecomer, we must stay ahead and have a high starting point. We will gather the advantages of wooden doors in Guangdong, Northeast China, and Sichuan into our company. Therefore, in recent years, the development of wooden doors in Chongqing has influenced the entire country's wooden door industry through websites, media, and exhibitions, attracting" Southwest people "from all over the country. These experienced wooden door professionals have a deep understanding of management and craftsmanship. As an important production base in the country, Chongqing wooden doors attract" Southwest people "who want to" return ". It is understood that these "southwestern people" mainly from Sichuan, Chongqing, and Guizhou have been struggling in other places for many years and are very concerned about the situation of wooden doors in their hometowns. They have repeatedly inquired about the current situation of the wooden door industry in Chongqing through phone calls and are willing to "return to the old business" under similar conditions to strengthen the strength of Chongqing's wooden door industry. Strengthening communication to achieve resource integration. On March 9, 2006, the Chongqing Wooden Door Industry Association was prepared, and since its establishment on March 17, 2007, the association has promoted industry exchanges.   In the past two years, while strengthening exchanges between wooden door enterprises in Chongqing, they have continuously learned advanced technology and management experience from non local enterprises, especially in the comprehensive management of non local enterprises, which is worth borrowing from peers in Chongqing. Now, the association's wooden door production enterprises have gathered more than 70, and the supporting manufacturers of the supporting committee have gathered 20. The branches and distributors of wooden door brands from other places in Chongqing have held two symposiums, and it is planned to establish a commercial committee in the future. Many supporting manufacturers believe that the establishment of a supporting committee by the Chongqing Wooden Door Industry Association has given high importance to supporting manufacturers, providing more opportunities for communication and exchange between supporting manufacturers and wooden door enterprises. After communicating with the association, the brand wooden door branch and distributors in Chongqing feel that the industry association is not exclusive and hope to strengthen cooperation with peers to play their respective roles in Chongqing and other markets. Although "Star" and "Meixin" have played a positive leading role in applying for Chinese famous brands in the industry, the image of second and third tier brands of Chongqing wooden doors still needs to be improved, such as applying for Chongqing famous brands, Chongqing famous trademarks, store image design, wooden door style design, and overall corporate image design. Many companies rely on mass production for their products, which are ordered by distributors across the country. Most of these products belong to the mid to low end and are in the development stage. They do not pay attention to their corporate image, resulting in low profits and added value. It is difficult to leave a deep impression among distributors. In the wooden door industry in Chongqing, production volume has become a topic of concern for the industry, and brand image has not been valued in the industry. Due to the need to enhance the brand image of Chongqing's wooden door industry, there is a lack of long-term planning in external promotion, with a focus on quick success and short-term actions. Relying solely on product brochures and annual exhibitions to expand one's influence is completely insufficient. It is difficult to see the overall advertising and corporate advertising of Chongqing wooden doors on local television and newspapers, as well as on national television and newspapers. As the saying goes, "even if the wine is good, it is afraid of deep alleys." While improving the product level, Chongqing wooden doors also need to increase external advertising and expand brand awareness. Only with the joint improvement of popularity and reputation, can the overall image and value of a company have influence.
The designer cleverly designed that there are big secrets in small spaces (as shown in the picture). The first thing the designer did was to demolish the internal partition walls and preserve the two bedroom and two living room space. The enlarged space area laid the foundation for a simple and spacious home. According to the black and white imagery that the homeowner likes and the designer is good at, the designer uses painted glass, system cabinets, and polished quartz bricks to make simple color changes, mainly using interfaces of different materials to create a sense of spatial hierarchy and increase the visual sense of the space. The designer utilized the extra space created by converting three bedrooms into two bedrooms to design a large number of storage cabinets and shelves, including a light colored storage space under the desk and a dark colored shelf on the wall; The simple bedroom space starts from the bedside table to the L-shaped cabinet in the combing area on the right, with ample storage space and a contrasting color scheme that not only relieves the pressure of large cabinets on the space, but also fully matches the black and white theme color scheme.
It is difficult to protect the rights of cabinet consumption, so be careful before purchasing. In home decoration, people are increasingly valuing the practicality and aesthetics of the kitchen, and it is very common to spend tens of thousands of yuan on a complete set of cabinets. However, during the investigation by reporters, it was found that there are many traps in the current cabinet market, making it difficult for consumers to protect their rights. Industry insiders point out that price chaos, rough production processes, and excessive formaldehyde emissions from cabinets are common reasons for cabinet quality complaints. Recently, a netizen named "Love Home" posted on a home decoration forum complaining about various issues related to a certain brand of cabinets, including board quality, installation technology, and after-sales service. This received a large number of comments and support from netizens. The journalist contacted the netizen and said that in April of this year, he signed a contract with a certain brand of cabinet, which stated the specific name of the cabinet board. However, after the cabinet was installed, he found that the originally agreed cabinet board had been replaced with another type, but the manufacturer insisted on using the cabinet material agreed upon by both parties. This dishonest behavior of stealing beams and replacing columns made him very angry. In addition, the countertops of the cabinets are not smooth and rough. "Love Home" requires the manufacturer to send someone to repair the countertops on site. After three repairs, the effect of the treatment is still unsatisfactory. Helpless, he had no choice but to propose a free replacement of the countertop. Unexpectedly, his request was firmly rejected by the manufacturer, who stated that 75% of the countertop retail price must be paid to replace it. The manufacturer stated that the warranty period for the cabinets is 3 months. Regardless of the purchase or installation time, their cabinets have already passed the warranty period and cannot be replaced for free. The production process and materials of cabinets are quite complex, and illegal manufacturers are particularly prone to playing tricks in this regard, making it difficult for consumers to protect their rights. "Xu Yan, a designer of Boloni cabinets, said in an interview with reporters that the situation encountered by this netizen is not uncommon in the process of cabinet consumption. Therefore, when purchasing cabinets, it is best for consumers to specify in detail the brand, warranty period, texture, and other requirements of the board, countertop, and hardware when signing the contract. Four major pitfalls to beware of when buying cabinets: The Sichuan Provincial Administration for Industry and Commerce recently discovered in market monitoring that the unqualified rate of cabinet products reached 55%. According to Xu Yan, the overall cabinet market is not standardized at present, and there are many consumer traps where consumers may waste their money if they are not careful. Firstly, there is the price trap. The most common pricing method in the cabinet industry is based on the length of the cabinet body, which is calculated according to the length of the cabinet. The biggest trap of this pricing method lies in the hanging cabinet part, because the length of the cabinet is calculated based on the length of the floor cabinet. However, in most cases, the space occupied by the range hood, microwave oven, pipeline, etc. needs to be removed for the hanging cabinet. Some kitchens even have windows and do not require too many hanging cabinets. Therefore, the actual cabinet body of the hanging cabinet is not as long as the floor cabinet, but salespeople still calculate the price based on the length of the floor cabinet, which puts consumers at a disadvantage. According to Xu Yan, famous brand cabinets such as Boloni generally adopt a pay per cabinet method to make consumers consume clearly, which makes the price calculation more accurate. Next is the hardware accessory trap. Most consumers lack basic judgment ability on the quality of hardware accessories. In fact, hardware accessories play an important role in the entire set of cabinet materials, and their quality directly affects the quality and service life of cabinets. Some cabinet manufacturers in the market use door hinges, sliding rails, baskets, handles that are of poor quality, or sell miscellaneous goods in foreign clothing, which can increase the price several times. Next is the manufacturing process trap. Exquisite production technology is the basic guarantee of high-quality cabinets, and it is also one of the most concerned issues for consumers. Many manufacturers claim to have advanced production lines, but in reality, they do not have large-scale equipment and cannot guarantee quality. For example, if the sheet metal processing is not carried out by professional manufacturers using advanced large-scale professional cutting machines, it will cause the sheet metal to break, resulting in uneven edges and exposing the substrate of the sheet metal. However, small handmade workshops use small manual cutting saws, and even use woodworking cutting saws to build a simple operating table. The size error of the boards produced by this rudimentary equipment is often over 1 millimeter. Finally, there is the authentication trap. Although cabinet companies have been promoting environmental protection, not many have truly gained recognition from authoritative departments. There are also some companies in the market that deceive consumers with various environmental certifications. At present, the only authoritative green certification for cabinet products in the market is the "China Environmental Labeling Product Certification" certified by the Environmental Certification Center of the Ministry of Environmental Protection, commonly known as the "Ten Ring Certification". When choosing cabinets, attention should be paid to the details of the craftsmanship. So how can consumers choose cabinets with good quality? Xu Yan said that when choosing cabinets, one should look at the details carefully. The assembly of hardware is crucial, which usually accounts for 1/4 of the cost of cabinets. Professional cabinet companies often use imported parts or well-known domestic brands for hardware. For example, the hinges of Boloni cabinets can be used more than 50000 times without deformation or damage, and can bear the weight of the door, ensuring that the door does not sag. The drawer slides are silent when pushed and pulled, and the feel is smooth without any discomfort. Moreover, the manufacturer promises lifelong maintenance, "Xu Yan told reporters. In addition, the quality of cabinet edge sealing is a concentrated reflection of the manufacturing process of cabinet factories. The edge sealing of high-quality cabinets feels delicate and smooth when touched by hand, with straight sealing lines and fine joints. This is because a straight edge sealing machine is used to complete multiple processes such as edge sealing, cutting, trimming, chamfering, and polishing in one go, ensuring the most accurate dimensions. In addition, the machine is used for high-temperature pressure edge sealing, with uniform glue application, less glue usage, low formaldehyde release, and can maintain long-lasting adhesion without delamination. And workshop style small factories use brushes to apply glue, manually press and seal the edges. The glue is uneven, the edges are uneven, and the sealing lines are undulating. Although it can be sealed at that time, due to uneven force, the edges will loosen and peel off over time, causing problems in waterproofing.
OPPEIN Cabinets has made a big move with a budget of 200 million yuan, making a name for itself in the CCTV advertising industry. Industry insiders say that OPPEIN's impressive display can be regarded as leading the marketing development trend of domestic home furnishing enterprises in the coming year.   Yao Liangsong, Chairman of OPPEIN Group, stated that in 2010, OPPEIN Group headquarters will invest 100 million yuan in advertising expenses, plus advertising investment from OPPEIN's nationwide distributors, totaling over 200 million yuan. Among them, television advertising will be the highlight, and OPPEIN will make full use of CCTV, the most influential communication platform in China, to further consolidate and enhance OPPEIN's brand influence, and achieve differentiated brand communication through a large platform and investment. Affected by the financial crisis in 2009, many companies dared not invest heavily in advertising. OPPEIN took the opposite approach and increased its brand promotion efforts against the trend. The effect was very good, greatly enhancing the confidence, market awareness, and reputation of distributors. Next year, as the market situation recovers, OPPEIN will increase its efforts in brand communication, with advertising investment exceeding 200 million yuan, of which CCTV advertising is an important part, "Yao Liangsong told reporters. The timing, location, people and support of European style "rush to the beach" of CCTV. A senior advertiser told reporters that in the prime time after the CCTV News of CCTV, the number of advertising audiences was huge, and the influence was hard to reach by other media platforms. However, due to the large investment, it was difficult for general household enterprises to regard it as the preferred brand publicity platform. This time, European style competed for CCTV's prime time advertising with tens of millions of dollars, fully reflecting its strong strength and confidence, and will play an important role in improving the overall confidence of the household industry. Yao Liangsong stated that OPPEIN's bid for CCTV's prime time advertising once again is a brand marketing strategy launched under favorable domestic and international conditions, in line with the principles of "timing, location, and people". It is reported that since the second half of 2009, the domestic home furnishing market has rebounded, and 2010 is expected to usher in a comprehensive recovery, becoming a good opportunity for OPPEIN to promote its brand and expand its market. This is the "timing"; Years of cooperation with CCTV have made OPPEIN well versed in CCTV's style and cooperation model, making CCTV the "home ground" of OPPEIN's advertising platform, which is a "geographical advantage"; In 2010, out of over 200 million advertising investments, 100 million came from distributors, fully demonstrating Yao Liangsong's emphasis on the strong tree root system's confidence and support for OPPEIN Group. This is a "harmony between people". The era of brand communication has begun with great dissemination and effectiveness. Industry insiders have analyzed that OPPEIN's ability to invest a huge amount of 200 million yuan in advertising and promotion indicates that OPPEIN has achieved counter trend growth this year. On the other hand, it also shows that OPPEIN's dealer system is very stable and highly optimistic about the prospects of OPPEIN Group. At the beginning of this year, OPPEIN's' Torch Plan 'and subsequent' Champions League 'promotions were very effective, with sales growth exceeding double. Next year, the situation will definitely be better, and we are confident that we can win greater returns through greater investment. "A senior observer in the home furnishing industry believes that OPPEIN's strong competition for CCTV's prime time has opened the prelude to the group's" first brand "strategy. OPPEIN's investment of 200 million yuan in advertising expenses marks the launch of its brand marketing strategy of" big dissemination, big effect ", and also heralds the arrival of the" billion era "of brand marketing in the domestic cabinet industry. At the same time, it fully reflects OPPEIN's determination and strength to build China's first home furnishing brand.
Is the price of LCD panels rising, and will the price of LCD TVs follow the trend? Recently, there is a widely held view that due to the continuous rise in LCD TV panel prices, the prices of LCD TVs in the terminal market are also about to soar. In addition, some media have reported that domestic brands will collectively raise prices in July and August. For a moment, the price increase of LCD TVs seemed like a real 'wolf'. So what is the reality and is the price of LCD TVs really going to rise collectively? LCD panel: Since July, the color TV industry has started to "sing up" with small sizes rising and small sizes falling. It is said that the prices of LCD panels in South Korea, Taiwan, and other regions, such as Samsung, Chi Mei, and AU, have continued to rise comprehensively. As panels account for 70% of the cost of LCD TVs, this has made TV manufacturers feel that they can't hold on anymore. However, according to data from a survey agency, the price increase of LCD panels is mainly concentrated on small-sized panels below 42 inches, which puts considerable pressure on manufacturers' cost control. It is reported that the main cost pressure for manufacturers is the surge in market demand for small-sized (below 42 inches) models such as 26 inches and 32 inches. Among them, the 32 inch LCD panel has increased from $130 at the beginning of the year to $210, while some large-sized panels above 42 inches have decreased by $50. According to Xie Dong, General Manager of Changhong Shanghai Branch, the main reason for the continuous increase in LCD panel prices this year is "out of stock". Due to the complete dependence of tablet manufacturers in our country on imported LCD panels, it can be said that price increases are minor, while shortages are significant. The domestic economy is rapidly recovering, and the demand for small-sized flat screen TVs has increased significantly compared to the same period last year. However, upstream panel production enterprises have been affected by the global financial crisis, and their recovery seems to be slower than that of the domestic economy. Therefore, the domestic panel supply is further tight, and the supply-demand imbalance will inevitably be regulated through price leverage, leading to price increases. LCD TV: Price stability will not soar. Judging from the recent rumors in the industry, the price increase of LCD TV seems to be imminent, and some brands have even hinted at raising prices by 10%. Many domestic LCD TV manufacturers have expressed different opinions on this matter. They believe that cost pressure does exist, but facing the current competitive landscape, raising prices is a dangerous behavior and they will not act rashly. Major manufacturers are making every effort to cope with the pressure of price increases for small-sized panels. Changhong stated that there will not be a significant increase in the terminal price of LCD TVs. Regarding this, Xie Dong said, "The reason why Changhong is able to maintain price stability despite the increase in panel prices is because Changhong has sufficient preliminary preparation for the current market demand. In fact, Changhong has long had a panel storage plan that can meet the market terminal for two months. At the same time, Xie Dong also stated that in order for enterprises to continue to develop, pursuing profits is the goal. However, Changhong does not rely on raising prices for a single product to ensure profits, but mainly relies on expanding production scale to reduce production, manufacturing, and marketing costs, in order to ensure both the price advantage of end products and profits. On the other hand, Konka stated that there will definitely be pressure on costs caused by price increases, but the impact is within a controllable range. Konka's product prices remain stable overall, with only a slight increase in prices for 19 inch and 22 inch small-sized products, but the price increase per unit is less than 100 yuan. In addition, Konka is fighting against price increases by innovating and developing new products to improve their cost-effectiveness. Sales figures in recent months have also proven that the new products are more energy-efficient and have significantly reduced usage costs. Although the prices are slightly higher, they have not had a negative impact on sales. On the eve of May Day, various brands have launched their own new LCD TV products, including both new and old models, with a wide range of products available. With the gradual clearance of old models, various brand manufacturers continue to launch new products to supplement their product lines, such as Samsung, Sony, Sharp, Philips, Panasonic, Skyworth, Changhong, TCL, which have recently launched new LCD TV products. It should be pointed out that the pricing of new LCD TVs of various sizes this year is very affordable, which is worth noting. Based on past experience, there will be a wave of price increases for LCD TVs before the May Day, National Day, and New Year promotions. This is because manufacturers and businesses need to increase their price space in order to prepare for significant price reductions during promotions. At present, there is still more than a month left until the National Day promotion for LCD TVs. It is estimated that the price trend of LCD TVs will remain stable in the next 25 days, followed by a slight increase in the next 20 days, and finally a significant decrease in price during the National Day promotion period, presenting a "convex" trend. One thing is certain, the overall price of the Eleven promotion will be cheaper than the current selling price. Due to the continuous increase in shipments from panel manufacturers, the shortage situation of TV manufacturers will be alleviated, so the price of LCD panels will gradually stabilize. From February to July, when panel prices continued to rise, LCD TV prices were still in a downward trend. Undoubtedly, manufacturers' profit margins have been continuously compressed, but this does not mean that manufacturers have no profits at all. In the near future, the main impact on the price of LCD TVs will come from marketing strategies rather than production costs. Therefore, it can be estimated that before the National Day holiday, there will be a price increase of around 200-500 yuan for various sizes of LCD TVs, and promotional measures such as discounts, after-sales gifts, etc. will be further tightened. Taking 32 inch domestic brands as an example, the ultra-low price of around 2500 yuan will be difficult to reproduce in the near future. Adding around 200 yuan is a normal marketing strategy and there is no need to be alarmed. The significant price increase of panels from February to July (especially 32 inches) caused by the financial crisis leading to production cuts in panel factories and an imbalance in panel supply and demand did not substantially result in a significant increase in LCD TV prices. Instead, the overall price remained stable with a slight decrease. As the supply of panels continues to increase, panel prices are also becoming more stable, so the conclusion that rising costs will lead to a recent increase in LCD TV prices is untenable. As the National Day holiday approaches, it is inevitable that LCD TV prices will increase due to marketing strategies. However, due to consumer affordability and manufacturers' own interests, this price increase is only a small adjustment and is a normal phenomenon. Consumers do not need to worry too much. The price increase of LCD panels by Xie Dong, the general manager of Changhong Shanghai Branch, is an industry voice, and it is difficult to avoid the cost impact on our company. But Changhong LCD TVs will not have a significant increase in terminal prices. Changhong has made sufficient preliminary preparations for the current market demand and has already prepared corresponding panel reserve plans. In addition, Changhong Company jointly invested 100 million yuan with Jingzhi Optoelectronics, a subsidiary of Taiwanese LCD screen manufacturer AU Optronics, to establish a joint venture in Mianyang, Sichuan at the end of June to invest in the production of LCD TV modules. The factory will achieve integrated design and production of module units, which means that the output will not be LCD modules but TV units. In this way, there will naturally be no problem in resisting the cost pressure caused by the price increase of LCD panels. Xu Gang, Executive Vice General Manager of Konka Shanghai Branch, stated that the price increase of LCD panels this time mainly puts some pressure on the cost of Konka's mid to low end products. However, Konka has improved the cost-effectiveness of its products through innovative research and development, and has not had a negative impact on sales. Especially the new 80 energy-saving product developed by Konka, which adopts the latest energy-saving technology solution. It is equipped with a super energy-saving screen, OPC energy-saving chip, and PMS energy-saving system, achieving a total energy saving of over 52%, making it the most energy-efficient flat screen TV on the market at present. In the current economic situation, consumption is becoming increasingly rational, and low usage costs are undoubtedly the biggest feature and selling point of this LCD TV. A good product, even if the price is slightly higher, I believe consumers will still pay. Xue Beibei, the head of the Brand Media Department at Hisense Headquarters, stated that Hisense will adjust its pricing strategy in a timely manner based on changes in upstream prices and cost conditions in accordance with market rules. At the same time, Hisense has always insisted on enhancing product differentiation competitiveness and reducing cost levels through continuous technological innovation and progress, promoting cost-effective products to the market and consolidating market advantages. Yang Dongwen, Vice President of Skyworth Group, does face cost pressure, but it seems unlikely that the manufacturer's existing products will increase in price; After all, in the current competitive landscape, raising prices is a dangerous action. In addition, LCD TV manufacturers, especially mainstream domestic brands, have generally had a very prosperous year this year. The sales growth of LCD TVs nationwide has been surprisingly good, with a year-on-year increase of 60% in the first half of the year alone. For example, Skyworth saw a threefold increase in sales volume and scale in the second quarter, ensuring profits.
Zhang Yiwu: A few years ago, people demanded the most expensive, and the most expensive was the best. Now, with the changes in the economy, people will find that what they need is unique and cheap, which is the most difficult. Now it seems that the idea is V-HOUSE, which can be accessed and exited at any time, can go to the city center at any time, and can also come out at any time. Urban trends can come in at any time because it is located on the edge of the Fifth Ring Road, and it is easy to enjoy a harmonious environment between humans and nature, enjoy individual fun, and experience the feeling of harmony between humans and nature. This is once again unique, and you will find that such a community is rare. The dream of Chinese people is to have such a dream. The idea of "Golden Man Fragrant Forest" (forum, photo album, house type, model room, map search) provides such a space for you to enjoy. This way is a very important trend at the moment of economic change. It represents the trend of future development. It is unique and suitable, and unique and relatively cheap. This lifestyle has begun to emerge. Previously, when we bought laptops and computers, we had to buy the most expensive and best ones. Now we have found that surfing the internet has become a fashion trend. For the Golden Fragrant Forest, you can enter or exit, with high quality and suitable price. In the past, people used to say that when buying a house, one should go to the CBD and Lujiazui in Shanghai. However, now that things have come down, overall, the most suitable thing is the best thing. This house is the most suitable for the trend of modern society as a whole, and the most suitable for middle-income earners. Suitable is good, and the golden fragrant forest provides this culture, which is the most suitable culture.   Zhang Yiwu: There are two aspects. One is that the internal environment is very harmonious because there is a certain distance between them and it is not very chaotic. There are many people, and if you live in the CBD, you will find that there are people everywhere. Places with too many people cannot bear it. Like Guomao or a big market, you can't stand living next to it. In addition, it will be very convenient for you to enter this center, and returning to the community will be harmonious and peaceful, which is the most important. And you can enter the center at any time, enjoy the vitality of the city, have harmony within the community, and connect with vitality outside the community. You can attack, retreat, or defend. If you want to be quiet, you can go home. There are two aspects that are particularly important in a small town community like this. One is that the quality of life, interests, and values among neighbors are similar, and everyone has a similar understanding of life. It is easy to develop a cooperative relationship between neighbors, which is the most important. The small town itself has vibrant colors, which is also the result of internal harmony. The second advantage is quietness and fewer people. It's not like a pile of people crowding together every day. The floors here are low and there are fewer people, and you will find that there is both distance and closeness between people.   Now that you find harmony between neighbors like this, you can also enjoy the private life of a small family, which is particularly important. Having both privacy rights and not living like primitive humans. This state is also the most ideal state for the community, and being close to the city is a benefit. The community is both harmonious and relaxed, and the combination of relaxation and harmony is the best. This kind of small town is the best trend internationally, and this state is ideal. Now many high-rise buildings will be very messy. When it comes to commuting, people will squeeze into the elevator like sardine. You will find that squeezing the elevator is similar to squeezing the subway. And such a small town is unique and appropriate, not just the most expensive but also the best. Everyone knows that there are economic problems now, and when there are problems, we need to pursue unique and appropriate solutions. We don't seek the most expensive, but only the best. The Golden Fragrant Forest is such a place. Host: A unique choice, choosing a house means choosing a way of life. Now, let's invite Kaiyan Kailao, the deputy director of the expert group of the Human Settlements Environment Committee of the China Real Estate and Housing Research Association. Kailao has been engaged in gold medal community work in human settlements and is also an expert. Let's talk about the significance of the emergence of V-HOUSE product form for residents. Kaiyan: Just now, everyone described the lifestyle of the Golden Fragrant Forest Town, which is very desirable. I once said that if I want to buy a house, I will definitely choose Yizhuang. Why? Yizhuang has many excellent conditions. When buying a house, people have two scales. Firstly, it has convenient transportation. Secondly, it is cost-effective. Of course, our V-House form and Manxianglin are located close to Yizhuang and on the side of the Fifth Ring Road, which gives us the advantage of geographical transportation. Yizhuang is one of the three key urban centers for development in Beijing, and I believe it is the best and most well-equipped city center. In the future, urban infrastructure and facilities will be rapidly developed and supplemented. Yesterday, I attended a forum on transportation development in Beijing, and Yizhuang was a key focus. In a few years, Yizhuang will receive significant improvements. Compared to cost-effectiveness, the importance of location has decreased because it is not a problem when transportation is very good. I value cost-effectiveness more. The so-called cost-effectiveness refers to the lifestyle, living performance, enjoyment, and health level that I can buy with money. These are all very comprehensive, and the value will increase after I buy them. Such a house is worth buying. If we study from the perspective of living environment, there are several criteria we choose. Firstly, the supporting facilities that this project has are closely related to the city, that is, the location and supporting facilities. The second is the ability of the student to enjoy the functions of the city and the services provided by the city. The third aspect is the design of undergraduate students. Just now, the host talked about the relationship between the V-HOUSE form and our quality, which I think is very important. The release of today's white paper contains a lot of information. From the perspective of V-HOUSE residents, they can enjoy the life of a villa with a low plot ratio and a relatively good ecological environment. The professor just described the lifestyle of V-HOUSE. The fourth aspect is the inherent technological content. How can the project apply technology to make life healthier, such as sunlight and contact with nature, as well as provide technological means such as property management. These four are hardware construction, and we developers are working hard to create a good hardware environment. In addition, there is a soft environment, which is a cultural atmosphere that creates a space environment of family affection and communication among residents. Under the V-HOUSE concept, it will provide a very good space for residents to interact, which is the foundation of a harmonious community. Finally, there is property management. Seeing the large scale of the community, Mr. Mao introduced their past development experience. In terms of property management, they not only provide good services, but also add value to the property through services and provide excellent services. The Golden Fragrant Forest is well worth it in terms of its positioning, design, cost-effectiveness, and the lifestyle it offers us. Buying a house is more important than buying a lifestyle, which is our ideal way of life and our pursuit. I want to comment
The Sixty Year Message from Professor Wang Weiyu of Tsinghua University: Continue to work hard and wish our construction industry continued glory. I want to comment
Rong's Return: The retirement of Rong Zhijian, the fourth generation descendant of a century old family, from CITIC Taifu means that the Rong family, which rose through the "public-private partnership", is facing the reconstruction of its influence. Rong Zhijian is no longer the chairman of CITIC Taifu, but he is still the fourth generation descendant of the Rong family. Enter the three words "Rong Zhijian" in search engines, and the automatically associated vocabulary includes: Rong Yiren, 2009, CITIC Taifu, Defeat, and Resignation. Let's talk in a few words and express all the twists and turns of this century old family. In April 2009, Rong Zhijian, who had always been smooth sailing in the capital market, suffered the biggest setback of his career. A huge investment loss forced him to retire from CITIC Pacific. However, compared to the ups and downs of the Rong family over the past century, this is not the most thrilling one. For Rong Zhijian, his mission is to rebuild the influence of the Rong family on the Chinese business world.   After fading out of the public eye for five months, in September 2009, Rong Zhijian finally spoke up: before the end of the year, he would establish a company in his personal name, specializing in China's real estate and financial business, and it was not ruled out that he would cooperate with CITIC Group for development. On April 8th, 67 year old Rong Zhijian resigned as the chairman of CITIC Pacific, causing a public uproar. As the most important representative of the Rong family today and the fifth in command of CITIC Group, Rong Zhijian bid farewell to CITIC Taifu, for which he had been fighting for 20 years, bringing the spotlight back to the Rong family. In 1999, Rong Zhijian said in an interview with the Financial Times, "You can call me a gambler or a fighter. I won't deny my desire to take risks." But this time, he paid the price for his "desire to take risks. In October 2008, CITIC Pacific announced that in order to reduce the currency risk faced by the Western Australian iron ore project, it had signed several leveraged foreign exchange buying and selling contracts, resulting in losses. In 2008, CITIC Pacific suffered a direct loss of HKD 14.632 billion as a result. This is also the first loss of CITIC Pacific in 19 years. Whether Rong Zhijian is held accountable is of great significance. Firstly, CITIC Pacific is a heavyweight red chip company, and this move concerns the image of the red chip company in Hong Kong. Secondly, for CITIC Pacific, Rong Zhijian himself is a heavyweight figure with a very deep network, which is related to investors' confidence in investing in red chip companies. When CITIC Pacific first disclosed its losses, Rong Zhijian attributed the investment mistake to the company's financial director Zhang Xianxian and financial director Zhou Zhixian, who were subsequently dismissed. Rong Mingfang, the 37 year old daughter of Rong Zhijian and the financial director of CITIC Taifu, has undergone job adjustments and reduced her salary. CITIC Group, the major shareholder of CITIC Taifu, has also intervened to rescue the company. In November 2008, CITIC Group injected $1.5 billion into CITIC Pacific in an effort to help it overcome its difficulties. The proportion of CITIC Group's stake in CITIC Pacific has also increased from 29% to 57.6%. At that time, everything seemed to be moving in a positive direction. After receiving support from major shareholder CITIC Group, Rong Zhijian publicly stated that CITIC Group's support is a positive solution. "Now, (CITIC Taifu) can get rid of this unfortunate incident and continue to move towards the future." He said he is full of confidence in the company's future and has no desire to retire. However, the intervention and investigation by the Hong Kong police have made the situation uncontrollable. A few days later, the Commercial Crime Bureau of the Hong Kong police ordered a search of CITIC Pacific company. After staying for an hour, a large number of documents were taken away, and the company's stock was urgently suspended, causing a huge social impact. In the end, Rong Zhijian made the decision to abdicate and give way to the virtuous. At the moment when Rong Zhijian looked back at CITIC Taifu Building, his ancestors and elders were also gazing at him. The trajectory of the Rong family is just another setback for this century old family. At the beginning of the 20th century, Rong Zhijian's grandparents Rong Desheng and Rong Zongjing declared bankruptcy in the newspaper, but Rong's enterprise eventually survived; 60 years ago, Rong Yiren, the father of Rong Zhijian, was imprisoned by the Kuomintang authorities for reselling supplies. On the day of the trial, Shanghai was liberated... Opening the pages of history, countless dangerous and difficult moments far beyond this incident are presented one by one. In the view of renowned financial writer Wu Xiaobo, the resignation of Rong Zhijian does not mean the decline of the Rong family. As one of the few remaining century old families in the history of Chinese enterprises, the Rong family rose to prominence in Wuxi in the early 20th century. Rongxiang, located by the Wuli Lake at the foot of Huiquan Mountain in Wuxi, is a typical Jiangnan town with small bridges, flowing water, clear breeze, green lotus flowers, gentle Wu Nong language, and colorful apricot blossoms. Starting from his great grandfather Rong Xitai, who left behind the admonition of "sticking to stability, acting cautiously, and never speculating", Rong Zhijian is already the fourth generation descendant of the Rong family. But the real rise of the Rong family still began with Rong Zhijian's grandfather Rong Desheng and his brother Rong Zongjing.   However, Rong Desheng, the father of Rong Yiren, believed that he had never committed any wrongdoing in his life, so how could he escape abroad? At the critical moment, Rong Desheng and Rong Yiren decided to stay on the mainland. Obviously, this decision is crucial for the future development of the Rong family. The Rong family, who voluntarily chose to stay, later won Mao Zedong's praise as the "number one national capital household in China". After the liberation of Shanghai, Rong Yiren took the lead in supporting the "public-private partnership" and donated all his assets to the state. This move played a positive and leading role in the transformation of private industry and commerce in Shanghai, and also earned him the title of "red capitalist". At that time, the representative figure of the business world in the north was Le Songsheng, the general manager of the century old medicine brand Tongrentang. Rong and Le were known as "North Le and South Rong" at that time. When Rongshi Enterprise faced difficulties, the Party and government also provided strong support to it, helping it achieve a new recovery.   In 1993, Rong Yiren was elected as the Vice President of the country. The establishment of CITIC Group in 1978 was an important milestone for the Rong family.     Rong Zhijian, born in Shanghai in 1942, is the only son in his family. His stage is the CITIC Group founded by his father.     As mentioned earlier, at that time, Rong Zhijian had a clear understanding of the influence of the family on the achievements of CITIC Taifu. However, he is also very confident in his own abilities. Although his father Rong Yiren has always been wary of himself with the ancestral motto of the Rong family, which is to "stick to stability, act cautiously, and never speculate," he has established a good reputation in the business world through this. But compared to his parents, Rong Zhijian's style is completely different. Even in Hong Kong, where wealthy people gather, the luxurious style of Yung Chi Kin is very prominent. The biography of Rong Zhijian once quoted a passage of his self statement: "I never want to live a Puritan style life." He believed that living an ascetic life even after becoming wealthy was a pseudo gentleman style. However, after the massive investment loss incident surfaced, the assets of Rongzhijian have fallen from $3.5 billion in 2008 to $750 million, with a loss of up to 75%. In Wu Xiaobo's view, the exit of the Rong family from the CITIC system seems to be an institutionalized process: CITIC Group is a directly affiliated enterprise of the State owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, and in a highly concentrated cluster of state-owned monopoly capital, private individuals are able to own shares and become the richest people in China in a transparent manner. The Rong family is indeed an isolated example. And precisely because it is an isolated case, it must violate certain rules. After this major high-level shake up, CITIC Pacific may need to reposition itself. Should we return to becoming a pure state-owned enterprise or continue with our past ambiguous identity? However, the exit of the Rong family from the CITIC system seems to be a foregone conclusion. In Wu Xiaobo's view, Rong Zhijian still holds over 11% of the shares in CITIC Pacific, so there is hope for the revival of the Rong family. However, the influence of the Rong family on the Chinese business community is facing reconstruction. Perhaps this is the biggest impact of "Rong Zhijian's resignation" on this century old family. (Reporter, Shen Wei), I want to comment
The new product of Zhongti Olympic Garden, priced at 10000 yuan, is worth 50000 yuan, heating up the real estate market. The impressive transaction volume in March just now proves that the real estate market is indeed experiencing a boom. The Chinese Olympic Garden, which has become popular against the trend, has attracted the attention of homebuyers through forums, photo albums, apartment layouts, model rooms, and map searches. In the early stage, the stacked buildings were sold out. In order to give back to the support of the majority of homebuyers, China Sports Olympic Garden recently added the stacked villa building 2, with only 24 units. Now, if you book first, you can enjoy a special discount of 10000 yuan deposit for 50000 yuan. The Zhongti Olympic Garden is widely recognized as a gold medal villa community and a representative work of urban villas. Its rare sloping villa form has received enthusiastic attention and pursuit that sets it apart from traditional flat villas since its debut. At present, the first and second phases of the project have all been sold out and successfully occupied. The three phase townhouses and stacked villas for sale are all quasi ready to use real estate, with innovative performance in product design, landscape planning, and other aspects. They widely apply new materials and technologies, leading the comprehensive upgrading of the regional market. The Zhongti Olympic Garden is located in the West Garden of Financial Street, adjacent to the West Fifth Ring Road to the east and the Beijing Shijiazhuang Expressway to the south. It is 20 kilometers away from Financial Street and 25 kilometers away from Zhongguancun. Within 20 minutes, it can reach famous commercial districts such as Princess Tomb, Financial Street, and Zhongguancun. Famous scenic spots such as Beigong National Forest Park, Qinglong Lake Park, Ancient Tree Park, and Yingshan Forest Park tightly surround the project, creating an enviable ecological, healthy, and livable environment. The townhouse covers an area of 250-350 square meters, with a small depth and a large width. It features a basement with north-south natural lighting, a courtyard with sunny views, a 3.9-meter-high living room with staggered design on the first floor, a south facing large terrace, a walk-in closet, a south facing garden, and dual entrances connecting the front and rear gardens. Stacked villa of 176-215 square meters, with a simple and atmospheric German facade, square layout, excellent lighting, north-south transparency, south facing large terrace, 7-meter-wide living room, and a separate first floor bedroom. The master bedroom has a width of 4.5 meters; Finland Tongli has no machine room elevator for entry. I want to comment
The low-density board buildings of Jingshifang in Haidian District are expected to be put on sale around September (picture) Sina Real Estate News, (editor, Hao Zhe), Shangzhuang Sanjiaxin Yuan affordable housing, (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) is located in the center of Shangzhuang Town, Haidian District. The project consists of 16 low-density board buildings with 6-10 floors. The multi story board buildings have 2 units on one floor, and the small high-rise board buildings have 4 units on two floors. The unit area is 30-50 square meters? One bedroom, 50-65? Two bedroom, 87? Sanju is expected to start the allocation around September 2009, with an estimated price of 4300-4400 yuan/square meter. The project is located on the north bank of Shangzhuang Reservoir in Haidian District, Beijing. This project is located in the northwest green ecological corridor of Beijing, with unique natural landscapes such as Nalan Garden, Shangzhuang Reservoir, Cuihu Wetland, Fenghuangling, Shangzhuang Dongyue Temple, and other natural and cultural landscapes. It is a rare feng shui treasure land and will become the northwest ecological conservation area of Beijing, the northern regional science and technology innovation center, the northern pastoral new urban area of Haidian, and a high-quality urban leisure tourism area in the future. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement.
Yutianxia Phase II Shangpin Phase II will be available for sale in May (pictured). The second stop for travel is Yutianxia (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search). Current price:, to be determined. Travel destination: Wenyu River, Central Villa District, Shunyi District, 1000 meters from Yanglin exit of the airport expressway. Latest news: Shangpin is the second phase of Yutianxia, expected to start sales in May. The average price is currently undecided, with a total price of about 6 million yuan for rough materials and 7-8 million yuan for fine decoration. Shangpin will spend 5 million yuan to build a luxurious and finely decorated demonstration house, which is planned to be fully opened before the May Day holiday. The main unit types for this period are single family, duplex, and row, with an area of 260-420 square meters. Property fee: 7.90 yuan/square meter/month, expected delivery time in mid-2010. Shangpin will be launched in two phases. The first batch of garden villas is about 100 units, with the first phase sold out and the price of the second phase to be determined. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. I want to comment
Is it actually about 90 in area? The Leap Layer has a total price of about 1.1 million yuan, and a down payment of only 300000 yuan is enough to own it, making it extremely cost-effective. The layout of the "mini villa" consists of two standard floors that are 5.8 meters high. The first floor is designed as a living room, dining room, and kitchen, while the second floor is entirely occupied by the owner. Its dual standard floor design creates a creative living space with upper and lower levels, which can meet daily living needs while ensuring the owner's privacy. And the 5.8-meter overhanging design on the south facing living room on the first floor further endows 90? The rare villa temperament of small-sized products.   I want to comment
The second stop for travel, Jinquan Era, opened on May 9th in Yabei New Area (pictured). (Forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search), currently priced at 13500 yuan/square meter. Travel route: Get off at Datun East Station on Metro Line 5, and the project is located to the west, adjacent to the subway station. Latest news: Jinquan Times is expected to open on May 9th, and starting from April 25th, the number will be arranged as follows: homebuyers will prepay 20000 yuan, and on the opening day, they will select a house according to the order of the prepayment receipt number. Purchasers can receive an additional 20000 yuan discount on the house payment and enjoy other on-site benefits on the opening day. The newly opened building is a 26 story tower with a main layout of 90-120 square meters for two bedroom apartments. The average opening price is around 13500 yuan/square meter, and it is expected to be occupied in 2010. The above information is for reference only. The final decision will be based on the developer's announcement. I would like to make a comment
On the afternoon of April 17th, editors and reporters from over 30 media outlets in Beijing gathered at Yicheng Xishan Huafu (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) to participate in the Xiyuan Real Scene Presentation Day media open day event. The open day set up a themed forum on "Education Real Estate" that is in line with the project positioning, triggering a heated discussion among well-known editors in the industry, which can be called "famous editors discussing swords, who will compete with them". The forum not only investigated and discussed the topic of "education real estate" in various ways, but also inspired and benefited listeners greatly through personal experience investment. It is also an effective sorting out of the recent hot topic of "education real estate". Related news: Yicheng Xishan Huafu opens for sale, real estate experts gather to discuss education. Yicheng Xicheng Huafu sold 400 million yuan in March, and prestigious school properties are driving the fire. Xishan Huafu Xiyuan, the chief comprehensive education community in Beijing, opened on April 18th. Related topics: Yicheng Xishan Huafu collaborates with Sina Leju to create the chief comprehensive education community in Beijing. The forum was hosted by Yuan Yihong, the editor in chief of the real estate section of 21st Century Business Herald, and guests included Lv Shangchun, the editor in chief of the real estate section of Economic Observer, Zhang Wenhao, the editor in chief of the new real estate section, Yin Sufeng, the editor in chief of the real estate section, and Ma Yin, the vice president of Yicheng Group (Enterprise Zone, Flagship Floor). Sina, SouFun, and Focus three websites conducted live broadcasts of the forum. Famous speakers on the forum exchanged the following topics: Why did the "Little Spring" in the real estate market come from and where did it go? The marriage game between education and real estate, public welfare or utilitarianism? Education and real estate, labels or facts? House and education, who is the subject and who is the object? Education, as a major event in life and subsequently a major event in the family, is in a sense higher than the importance of the house. But when housing meets education, the "big things in life" seem to have more solutions. From the initial exploration of education real estate by South China Real Estate more than a decade ago to the scene of "education famous properties" selling well in Beijing this year, it shows the increasingly close connection between education and real estate. When it comes to the joys and sorrows of the marriage between education and real estate, Quan Zhong, the chairman of Wanquan Institution, compares it to "education is like a beautiful woman in the show, not like a maid. It has its own personality, and it may resist. Its own ideas eventually become different from the beginning, which is precisely because the market recognizes its value." This has a certain warning effect on the integration of resources, especially educational resources, for developers. Yin Sufeng, the chief editor of the real estate market, also reminded buyers of the many so-called educational real estate phenomena that have emerged in recent years: "What are the labels and what are the real educational things that are introduced into the community. I think there is also a problem of distinguishing between the true and the false." And buyers need to investigate carefully in advance to choose educational real estate in order to invest or solve children's problems. From introducing world-renowned high schools such as Renmin University Affiliated Middle School into the community in 2008, to gradually promoting the implementation of demonstration kindergartens into the community in 2009, partnering with Haidian Famous Primary School, Giant Elite Class, etc., Yicheng Xishan Huafu is committed to creating a "whole process elite education model". Since the beginning of spring, it has achieved a sales performance of over 800 million yuan in 100 days, with "education needs" being the primary cause. The real estate development model of "prestigious schools+famous properties" and "comprehensive education" has become a sample that has been decoded by many in the industry. This forum is not only a summary response to its deep exploration of the education chain and attempts to deepen the education community, but also has certain guiding significance for its future development. Before the forum, various media also visited and experienced the Huafu Garden and the brand new model room in detail. And at the newly opened Xishan Art Museum, I visited a contemporary famous printmaking exhibition and listened to Mr. Liang Kegang, the curator of "Era Version", explain contemporary art and contemporary printmaking. The strong cultural atmosphere and meticulous product details in Washington left a deep impression on the media present.
Wishing the motherland prosperity and strength, and the people a happy and healthy life. I want to comment
The hotel style apartments launched in the first phase of the project have a unit area of 53-119 square meters, with the main unit being 83-99 square meters of two bedroom apartments, all of which are finely decorated and have a floor height of 3.6 meters.   Linda Haiyu Square is located within the East Fourth Ring Road, adjacent to Shanshui Wenyuan to the west, Overseas Chinese Town (enterprise zone, affiliated properties) and Happy Valley to the east, and Xiao Taihou River to the south. It is a natural and beautiful place that coexists with nature. The total area of Linda Haiyu Square is 79000 square meters, with a total construction area of nearly 200000 square meters. Positioned as the six in one comprehensive marine culture city complex in China. The project consists of one 19 story 5A grade office building, three 15 story hotel style apartments, one 20 story five-star hotel, two 5-story independent commercial buildings, a 1.5-kilometer commercial street, a 15000 square meter large underground supermarket, and a 50000 square meter marine fishing park with a theme of marine culture. With excellent sense of space and good french window lighting, the products bring comfortable living enjoyment to the living room. Especially for the small apartments facing east in the project, they can overlook the wide green belt connecting the entire 50000 square meter Haiyu Park and Happy Valley. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. Click to view more discounted real estate information
Architectural Expert Dialogue and Axis International Press Conference (Photos) I want to comment
The average price of two restricted houses next to the Lishuiqiao double subway in Times New Garden is 6500 yuan (picture) Sina Real Estate News, (editor, Gu Liang), Times New Garden, (forum, photo album) is expected to be sold in May June 2009, with an average price of 6500 yuan/square meter. The entire project consists of two 21 story towers with a total of 538 units, and the layout design fully meets the requirements of Beijing's affordable housing design, all within 90 square meters? following. Among them, there are 63 one bedroom apartments ranging from 5 to 57 square meters; 354 two bedroom units of approximately 69-77 square meters; 122 sets of three bedroom apartments with an area of around 85-87 square meters are expected to be occupied in April 2011. Times New Garden is located 300 meters northwest of the Standing Shuiqiao Station on Zhongtan Village Street, where Line 13 and Line 5 of the Changping District subway transfer. It is 6 kilometers away from the Olympic Center and 4 kilometers away from the North Fifth Ring Road. 400m to the northeast is the largest comprehensive SHOPPING, MALL Lund Plaza in the northern region of Austria, with a floor area of more than 200000 square meters. Carrefour Supermarket, Cuiwei Department Store, Wanda International Cinema, B&T Home, KFC, Pizzahut, parent-child park, indoor skating rink, etc. are close at hand. There is also a large-scale clothing and small commodity wholesale city - Wanyi Outlets to meet your different consumption needs. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement.
What is the difference between loans in the Year of the Ox, commercial loans, and housing provident fund? Currently, the real estate market (real estate blog) is recovering rapidly. For mortgage borrowers, what is closely related to their immediate interests is how to save money on loans? Weijia Anjie (Weijia Anjie Blog) now provides a detailed list of the characteristics, advantages, and disadvantages of commercial loans and housing provident fund loans. As can be seen from the table above, the gap between commercial loans and housing provident fund loans is becoming smaller and smaller, almost on par. Analysis of "Weijia Anjie": ① From the perspective of loan interest rates, after expanding the lower limit preferential interest rate for commercial loans to 0.7 times, the difference between commercial loan interest rates and housing provident fund loan interest rates is very small, and they are tied. ② From the perspective of down payment, provident fund loans have a slight advantage, with a down payment of 20% applicable to both ordinary and non ordinary residential properties. ③ From the perspective of loan term, both loan products have a maximum of 30 years, regardless of the upper or lower limit. ④ From the perspective of loan methods, commercial loans have more "options" because each commercial bank has its own "trump card" for mortgage products. In order to retain more customers, the loan methods for housing provident fund are relatively simple, with only free repayment. ⑤ From the perspective of loan approval time, commercial loans with complete procedures for borrowers can be approved on the same day. However, the approval time for housing provident fund and national management is not consistent, which makes it less convenient compared to commercial loans. ⑥ From the perspective of loan disbursement time, commercial loans still have the upper hand, and loans can be disbursed within three working days after transfer. Even if the process of provident fund loan disbursement is accelerated, it is difficult to catch up with the speed. ⑦ From the perspective of early repayment, the housing provident fund has begun to experience a major reversal, with the advantage of being able to repay at any time and anywhere, and being able to repay as much as you want, making commercial loans "willingly inferior". ⑧ From the perspective of the second home loan policy, the absolute advantage of housing provident fund loans is that there are no restrictions on the second home loan policy. Although commercial loans are also discussing the relaxation of the scale for second home loans in the next step, the advantage of being one step ahead of provident fund loans is giving it another head start. I want to comment
The 6 billion shares issued online will be listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange today, while the 6 billion shares issued offline will be locked in for three months from the date of listing. Sun Wenjie said, "After we have the funds, we need to expand our business volume as soon as possible." He pointed out that currently, the revenue proportion of the three main businesses of housing construction, real estate, and infrastructure construction is 80:10:10, and in the future, the proportion of these three businesses will reach 60:20:20. In terms of profits, real estate profits will account for 60% in the future. It is reported that China Construction's operating revenue in 2008 was 2021 billion yuan, with the profit contribution of the real estate and construction sectors accounting for 41.73% and 48% respectively. In the first half of this year, its revenue was 112.4 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase of 17%. I want to comment
The transaction volume of existing houses has surged by 70%, and the confidence of developers has increased significantly. According to statistics from Yahao Agency, as of April 21, 2479 units of commercial residential properties with a transaction area of 325311 square meters were sold in Beijing, a month on month increase of 71.3% and 70%, respectively. According to Sina Leju, during mid April, real estate projects represented by Overseas Chinese Town (enterprise zone, under its umbrella) and New Horizon achieved good sales results on the opening day, and the real estate market was full of vitality. Qin Rui, a researcher at the Market Research Center of Wo Ai Wo Jia, said that since the beginning of this year, the real estate market has been bustling with transactions, and many rigid demands have been diluted by the market. The proportion of demand for improved housing is increasing. In January 2009, the Beijing Municipal Construction Commission issued a document stating that it would increase credit support for self occupied and improved housing consumption. This policy has spurred the release of demand for improvement. Not long ago, during a visit to the New Tianji Sales Center, the sales manager stated in an interview that at least half of the recent homebuyers in New Tianji are in need of improvement. They previously owned a property and were considering upgrading it due to their needs for childbirth or retirement. With the favorable policies, some of the improvement oriented homebuyers will receive significant discounts when purchasing a new property. Mr. and Mrs. Bao, the homebuyers, calculated the amount for Sina Leju on site. He used to live in a small three bedroom apartment of about 90 square meters, which has been shared by three generations. As the child grows up day by day, Xiaosanju gradually becomes cramped. They have been looking around for houses since last year, with the main goal being large three bedroom apartments of over 150 square meters. According to previous policies, he belongs to the second housing and needs to make a down payment of 40%, with an interest rate of 1.1 times the benchmark interest rate. Now, according to the policy released by the Beijing Municipal Commission of Construction, "For those who purchase a second ordinary housing with a second loan, the preferential policy for purchasing an ordinary self owned housing with a first loan will be implemented." Now, compared to the first housing, the down payment is only 30%, and the interest rate is 0.7 times the benchmark interest rate. If a house costs 2 million yuan, the interest on a 20-year loan can save more than 300000 yuan. Moreover, compared to 2008, the price of New Horizon has been reduced by nearly 40%, making it highly cost-effective. The favorable policies, coupled with the excellent cost-effectiveness of New Horizon, have led to a rapid increase in its sales volume. According to statistics, more than 40 projects will enter the market in Beijing next month, with 15 projects being pure new properties. Industry insiders analyze that May is already the peak sales season for the real estate market, and with the rapid recovery of the market in March and April, developers' confidence in pushing properties into the market has greatly increased. Sina Leju also learned from the New Tianji Sales Center that in May, New Tianji will launch two new buildings and will continue to give back to potential homebuyers with high cost-effectiveness to meet their needs. I want to comment
Preview: May 9th Huacai International Apartment Flower Arrangement Lecture Gift Mother's Day Event Theme: "Carving Flower Charm Time" Flower Arrangement Lecture Event Time:, May 9th, 2009, 2:00 PM Event Location: Huacai International Apartment, (Forum, Album, House Type, Model Room, Map Search) Building 2 Clubhouse 1st Floor On site Lecturer: Famous Flower Arrangement Artist from Taiwan's Famous Flower Arrangement Workshop "Jinghua Creative" May's Beijing Flower Blossoms. On the occasion of the annual Mother's Day, Huacai International Apartment will hold the "Carving Flower Charm Time" Flower Arrangement Lecture at 2:00 PM this weekend (May 9th). All guests present can complete flower arrangements under the guidance of floral designers as holiday gifts for their mothers. The "Wonderful, Life" series of activities is a high-quality experience provided by Huacai International Apartments to homeowners through soft services, offering them a perfect life. Since the launch of the event in March, each event has received unanimous praise and love from both new and old homeowners. This weekend's floral art lecture will bring another visual impact of floral art to new and old homeowners and guests by the famous Taiwanese flower arrangement workshop "Jinghua Creative". Floral artists will lead homeowners and guest friends to complete creative floral arrangements and enjoy the exquisite blooming of floral art. Compared to the exciting homeowner activities, the hot selling momentum of Huacai International Apartments is unstoppable. Single week sales reached 250 million yuan, with all buildings 4 and 8 sold out. Building 3 only had a few final units, leading the sales performance in the Wangjing residential area. The unusual enthusiasm of buyers for Huacai International Apartments is due to the following reasons: quality real estate, supporting Huacai International Apartments, based on the mature fertile land of Wangjing, investing in community commercial supporting facilities, actively introducing Huacai Holiday Express Hotel, Carrefour Supermarket, Wanlongzhou Catering, etc., to improve the quality of life of owners with mature living facilities. Detail Real Estate, Fine Decoration Real Estate Huacai International Apartment adheres to the development concept of "achieving living quality with perfect details", creating comfortable and moderately luxurious finished real estate for homeowners. Starting from the quality needs of homeowners in every detail of living, we strive for perfect details and excellent quality. Ecological real estate, harmonious living Huacai International Apartment, advocates harmonious interaction between architecture, environment, and residents, and community planning reflects the harmonious atmosphere of "people and houses supporting each other". The overall layout of the community is well-organized, following the "?" shape, with a pure south to north layout of buildings. The water system runs through the community, making it a place of "wind and gas gathering" in the Wangjing area. It is worth noting that the third phase of Huacai International Apartments is about to be launched, with fully furnished and 180 square meter thin plate apartments that will improve quality in more details. It is reported that the planned Metro Line 14 will also be located on Guangshun North Street (Huacai West Gate), where Huacai International Apartments will enjoy more "convenience and exclusivity" on top of mature quality. I want to comment
, Internet brand survey, participation award I want to comment
Rong Zhijian: Will Return to Shanghai to Invest in Real Estate Financial Information Times News: Former Chairman of CITIC Pacific (21.95, 0.15, 0.69%), Rong Zhijian, who resigned in April due to "huge foreign exchange losses", spoke for the first time on the 8th, stating that although he has recently reduced his holdings of CITIC Pacific several times, he has no intention of selling and cashing out all of it. He also stated that reducing holdings is a personal action and not a sign of pessimism towards the company. On the contrary, he still has a positive outlook on the company's future prospects in the long run.   Short term cash out exceeding HKD 1.5 billion data shows that after Yung Chi Kin resigned in April, he quickly cashed out over HKD 1.5 billion in May. In early May, 60 million shares of CITIC Pacific were allocated at HKD 12.2 per share, cashing out HKD 700 million and reducing the shareholding from 11.48% to 9.8%. At that time, he promised not to reduce his holdings within three months. However, Rong Zhijian did not stop his cash out behavior. One month after cashing out CITIC Taifu, he allocated 230 million shares of Poly Hong Kong (7.12, 0.05, 0.71%) and cashed out HKD 780 million.   Some people also believe that it cannot be ruled out that he may take further actions to reduce his holdings. According to the three-month deadline he promised when he first reduced his holdings, the next reduction should be at least after August. According to data from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, Yung Chi Kin still holds 360 million shares of CITIC Pacific, with a market value of 6 billion yuan based on the current market price. Rongzhijian, who started a new company, responded in a high-profile manner to the incident of cashing out CITIC Pacific. Although he stated that he would not sell all of it, he did not indicate whether he would further reduce his holdings. The market also responded negatively, and CITIC Pacific's stock price fell nearly 1% against the trend.   On the 8th, Rong Zhijian stated that he will establish a company in his personal name before the end of the year, specializing in China's real estate and financial business. He also mentioned that if there is no conflict of interest, he may not rule out cooperation with CITIC Group for development. I want to comment
My Home Mansion will open a new 80 square meter small unit group purchase promotion on April 18th (pictured) Sina Real Estate News, (Editor, Yanyang), My Home Mansion, (Forum, photo album, unit type, model room, map search), will open Building 12 on April 18th, with a 10 square meter entrance courtyard as a gift for the 80 square meter A1 unit. Equipped with a complete set of furniture and appliances, truly ready to move in. The original price is around 5000 yuan, and there are also discounts for participating in weekend group purchases. There is also a 59 square meter two bedroom apartment, and for a purchase of 250000 yuan, you will receive a full set of LG appliances and new furniture. The current starting price for the project is 3780 yuan per square meter.   The planned second Beijing Shenyang Expressway and Tongxiang Expressway, as well as the under construction Beijing "Big Seventh Ring Road" and Zhuomi Expressway, form a complete road network covering the surrounding areas of the project, with superior geographical location; As the first section of the future 30 square kilometer North China Commodity Trade Zone, it has enormous development potential; There are also bus routes and community buses that directly connect to Beijing, making transportation more convenient. The total construction area of the project is about 320000 square meters, with a low-density and high green clustered community planning, 40-70 square meters of fully decorated finished main units according to international standards, 7000 square meters of investment center, 20000 square meters of brand commercial and community supporting facilities, high-end property services provided by star rated property management experts, and a building facade style that showcases the modern and simple characteristics of Art and Deco, showcasing an international living atmosphere and a living quality that far exceeds the average level of the region. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. Click to view more discounted real estate information
Dongheng Shengshi Ji launches the 1+1 worry free education guarantee plan with the help of prestigious schools. Dongheng Shengshi Ji has scarce sunshine board buildings, 450000 square meters of mature large plots, transparent existing houses, and 11000 square meters of water landscape gardens that are ready for immediate use. The community has joined hands with Beijing's prestigious 21st Century Bilingual Kindergarten (opened in May 2009) and the traditional key school Ritan Elementary School (opened in September 2009) to launch the "1+1" worry free education guarantee plan. With the Montessori enlightenment education system and multicultural first level teaching mode, it tailors a high-quality education platform for children aged 1-12, providing exclusive education at the doorstep and easily outlining a perfect blueprint for the healthy growth of the next generation of homeowners. The core observation building of Dongheng Shengshi Ji Collection, Building B5, is now ready to go. It is planned to mature and bloom in mid to late May, with an average price of about 16000 yuan/square meter. There will be surprise discounts when it opens, and the actual model room is welcome to experience.
Yanjing Hangcheng is based on high cost-effectiveness, and the spring real estate exhibition in Beijing has attracted widespread attention. The grand Beijing Spring Real Estate Exhibition has come to an end amidst the attention of the masses. For Yanjing Hangcheng, a high-quality real estate project in Yanjiao (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search), this is truly an unforgettable experience, leaving a deep impression of "high cost-effectiveness" on people. During the exhibition, there was a huge influx of real estate buyers who came to inquire, which was extremely popular. The Yanjing Aviation City, with its outstanding high cost-effectiveness advantage, has become the biggest highlight with a fully furnished price of 3680 yuan per square meter. So, where does the high cost-effectiveness of Yanjing Aviation City lie? The gathering of high educated customers defines the first noble humanistic community in Yanjiao. With people's increasing attention to the living atmosphere, who to be neighbors with has become a consideration for more and more homebuyers. Unlike other projects, the proportion of customers in Yanjing Aviation City is dominated by highly educated individuals such as the aviation system and the Academy of Social Sciences. Yanjing Hangcheng is aimed at high-quality people, with differentiated positioning, to create a noble and livable living environment, explore the unique cultural and residential value of Yanjing Hangcheng in the Yanjiao area, and highlight its unique high value from the soft community culture. Low price is not low-end, based on high performance and price map, Yanjing Aviation City is crowded with people in the Yanjiao area. A community size of one million square meters is not uncommon, but if it is fully furnished, it may be rare. Yanjing Hangcheng has created the first million square meter high-end community, and has also planned noble living facilities: a 68 acre sports and fitness park dedicated to homeowners in the community, integrating various sports such as basketball, badminton, tennis, etc. into the park style natural environment, allowing sports to complement nature. At the same time, there is also a 50000 square meter one-stop commercial pedestrian block, which includes various formats such as shopping, entertainment, leisure, fitness, etc., truly realizing the complete living facilities without leaving home. Combining high-end decoration with high-quality living, Yanjing Aviation City highlights its unique advantage of high cost-effectiveness while offering low prices. It is worth mentioning that the rapid development of transportation and supporting facilities in Yanjiao has become an undeniable reality. With the implementation of the Yanjiao light rail policy, the connection between Yanjiao and Beijing will become even closer. The eastward expansion of Beijing CBD has also shown more property buyers the value opportunity of Yanjiao. No wonder some consumers who had no intention of buying a property in Yanjiao have gradually turned their attention to Yanjiao and started to make new decisions!
I want to comment on the Internet brand survey with prizes
Home buyer's personal statement: Revealing why small apartments next to the subway are favored. Despite ongoing controversies in the real estate market, the slow increase in housing transaction volume in Beijing after the Spring Festival is an undeniable fact. According to statistics from the Beijing Real Estate Transaction Management Network, 11504 new houses were signed in March, with an average of 371 signed per day, which is the same as the hot selling stage of the real estate market in 2007, a year-on-year increase of 103%, and a month on month increase of 71%.; The number of second-hand housing contracts has reached over 18000, setting a record for the highest monthly transaction volume in the history of second-hand housing. Through comprehensive analysis of research reports from multiple real estate brokerage companies, small-sized apartments under 90 square meters are becoming the absolute protagonists in the real estate market. For such small-sized products, experts suggest that young people who are first-time home buyers or investors should not place too much emphasis on the city's core location, so-called ultra-high quality, orientation, and other factors. Instead, they should consider purchasing projects with convenient transportation, small area, low total price, and relatively mature supporting facilities. This type of property requires less capital and not only has independent space, but also has investment attributes. It has the characteristics of high rent and high turnover rate when replacing improved housing in the future. According to experts' advice, the Beijing Metro Line 4, which will officially operate on September 28th this year, is becoming a catalyst for real estate investment in its surrounding areas. The commuting advantage that runs through the four major commercial districts of Zhongguancun, Xizhimen, Financial Street, and Majiabao provides confidence guarantee for many first-time homebuyers. According to the data survey conducted by the Third Level Market Research Department of Zhongyuan Real Estate, the opening of Metro Line 4 has led to a rapid increase in the regional value of real estate projects in Nancheng, represented by the Majiabao area. The area is more closely connected to core business districts such as Financial Street and Zhongguancun, which will accelerate the pace of western workers moving southward. And the reporter also changed the previous practice of only listening to one-sided opinions from professional institutions, and conducted interviews and analysis on some homebuyers. Introduction to Hot Selling Second hand Real Estate in Majiabao Business District: Li Xin is a college graduate from another city who came to Beijing. She works for a state-owned enterprise located in Financial Street and chose to buy property in Nancheng because the subway line 4 is about to open. He shared his experience in buying a house and managing finances with us: I have been working in finance on Financial Street for less than 5 years since graduation, and my work is always busy. The West Second Ring Road downstairs is congested with traffic every day. In order to save commuting time, I had to rent a house near the company and share it with others for 1500 yuan per month, with monthly payments. The house is not my own because it is not my own, and I cannot decorate it freely. Every time I see beautiful furniture and decorations, I have to exert a lot of effort to suppress my desire to buy. I really feel that spending this money is a bit unjustified. I have been working for several years and have accumulated over 100000 yuan in savings. I must buy a small house of my own, but it is almost impossible to buy a house in the Fourth Ring Road of Beijing with this amount of money. Through someone's introduction, I bought a zero house in the East Asia Third Ring Road Center (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) and chose a north facing zero house. In fact, for someone like me who leaves early and returns late, the difference between south facing and north facing is not significant, but the price per square meter in the north facing direction is more than 1000 yuan compared to the south facing one. With an area of 50 square meters, it is just enough to create a one bedroom, one living room, one bathroom, and one kitchen layout, with all the functions of an apartment, without appearing too narrow or wasteful. At the first station of Line 4 on the South Third Ring Road, I paid an extra down payment of over 100000 yuan, and Line 4 could be opened before delivery. When I move in, it only takes a few minutes to work. Let's calculate: I currently earn less than 10000 yuan per month, so it's not a problem for me to pay off a loan of three to four thousand yuan per month. This way, I can repay all the loans in less than 10 years. At that time, my income should be more than that. It has already multiplied several times. My wife and I will definitely have enough money to buy a bigger house. As for the center of the Third Ring Road, I can rent it out. Zero House is the most popular type of apartment, and now I can earn around 2000 yuan in rent per month. With an annual rent growth rate of 5%, the rent will also increase significantly. The more I think about it, the more cost-effective it will be. Mr. Chen has been wandering in Beijing for more than ten years from his hometown in Jiangsu. He started his business from a small age and besides having his own home in Beijing, he also has a deposit of 400000 yuan and ample working capital. Currently, the economic situation is unstable and he does not want to make additional investments. However, the 400000 yuan is deposited in the bank with only a little over 2% interest, which is really not worth it. After watching the advertisement, I bought the East Asia Third Ring Center. Buying another house for 400000 yuan is not enough to pay the down payment, but buying the Third Ring Center is already full payment. When buying the house, I specifically bought the one facing north, which is more than 40000 yuan cheaper than the one facing south. Based on my years of experience, most rental clients do not pay much attention to the orientation of the house. As long as the transportation is convenient and the surrounding facilities are mature, there is no problem. After renting out the house, the monthly rent is more than 2000 yuan. If renting to an office company, the rent can reach more than 3000 yuan, which is much higher than the bank interest. The rent for a two bedroom apartment is only two or three hundred yuan higher, and the total price can be doubled. Mr. Sun is a professional investor who spent over 1 million yuan to buy 4 small apartments on the opening day of the new East Asia Third Ring Center building on March 7th. He believes that real estate is still the best investment product so far. My principle for buying a house is to seize the opportunity, choose the right project, and act in a timely manner. I can buy 4 sets of houses in the center of the Third Ring Road for over 1 million yuan. The unit area of the zero room in the center of the Third Ring Road ranges from 35 square meters to 50 square meters, and the total price of a set is at most about 500000 yuan. If I buy a north facing house, it is 10% -15% cheaper than a south facing house, and 10% cheaper than a 60 square meter one bedroom house in the surrounding area. No matter how it is calculated, it is cost-effective. So I bought 4 sets at once, all facing north, with a total payment of only over 1 million yuan, which is the price of a two bedroom house in other projects. However, the center of the Third Ring Road also has a policy of installment? Get an installment down payment. Currently, only 300000 yuan has been paid for four houses, which is enough for one down payment in other projects. We will pay another 300000 yuan in September and another 100000 yuan before delivering the house next year. This way, we don't need to spend too much capital at once, but in the future, selling a small apartment will definitely be easier than a large one. After calculating the rent, the rent for four zero bedroom apartments is much higher than that of two bedroom and three bedroom apartments of the same value. ”Similarly, the East Asia North Center located at the 13th Urban Rail Huilongguan Station (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) has also achieved impressive sales performance with advantages such as convenient transportation, reasonable prices, mature supporting facilities, and sales of standard rooms. In March alone, more than 300 units were sold. Mr. Xu, who works in Zhongguancun, said: For us white-collar workers who have just started working, it is definitely not realistic to buy a big house at this stage. We should choose a smaller apartment with a lower total price in a place with a subway first, and then switch to a bigger house when we have money. The East Asia North Center has stations on Line 13, Line 8, and Line 16 of the subway located here, so the rent for this house won't be much different! Before buying, I visited nearby intermediary companies and found that the 1-bedroom apartment I am currently renting has the shortest rental cycle and the highest return. The rental price of 1500-1800 is quite similar to what I expected. In the Beijing residential rental market, small-sized houses along the subway line have become the most popular. Their rental targets include white-collar workers, start-up companies, SOHO families, young lovers, newlywed families, freelancers, and so on. These groups are the middle end of the rental market with a high demand. This has also greatly stimulated the enthusiasm of investors and property buyers. According to survey data from the Third Level Market Research Department of Zhongyuan Real Estate, the rent for a 50 square meter one bedroom apartment in the Majiabao area of Nancheng, Beijing is around 2000 yuan, and the rent for renting to small companies is even higher. However, the monthly rent for a three bedroom apartment in the same area is only around 2800 yuan. Real estate investment is nothing more than two forms: selling to earn a price difference and renting to obtain rental returns. Low total prices and good rents have made small apartments and properties near the subway popular, becoming the most popular types in the recovering real estate market. I want to comment
Donghu Bay 170 square meter three bedroom transparent slab building 8, Donghu Bay, (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) Price: average price of 15000 yuan/square meter Location: east side of Xiaohe Park, Wangjing North, Chaoyang District, the picture shows the real scene of the Donghu Bay project. The Donghu Bay Phase II is currently on sale with three bedroom or above units of 170-220 square meters, north-south transparent slab buildings, average price of 15000 yuan/square meter, total price starting at 2.1 million yuan/set. A one-time payment of 9.5% off, a loan of 9.7% off, with the second phase to be delivered and occupied in September 2009. Donghu Bay is located in the residential area of Wangjing, with Guangshun North Street to the east, Beibinhe Road to the south, Jingcheng Expressway to the west, and Donghu Road to the north. The project covers a total area of 16.9 hectares, with a planned total construction area of 630000 square meters and a plot ratio of 2.7. A large central landscape is formed by a distance of more than 100 meters between buildings, designed by Bell Forest Garden, with a green space ratio of 33.4%, providing residents with a space for physical and mental rest. Adjacent to the 248000 square meter urban forest park, there is the Beixiaohe Riverside Ecological Park to the south, multiple golf courses to the west, and landscape support from permanent urban green belts. Donghu Bay is a high-rise slab building with a height of up to 3 meters, with north-south transparency and square shaped layout design. The area ranges from 100 square meters for two bedroom apartments to 260 square meters for four bedroom apartments, with the main units being 160-180 square meters for three bedroom apartments. The perfect choice for home buyers who pursue a high-quality life. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. I want to comment
On April 25th, in order to better give back to the homeowners, Sina and Oriental Sun City held the Qinhu Bay Leju Home Purchase Day, where 17 properties were sold for over 20 million yuan on the day of purchase. All buyers who attended the event were eligible for exclusive discounts starting at 88% off. As of the evening of the 26th, Qinhu Bay had sold 17 properties for over 20 million yuan. The participating units include: B29120? Shu Jing two bedroom apartment. Livable square layout, south facing sunny living room and master bedroom complement each other, enjoying the natural beauty of time; B38, 151? The spacious three bedroom apartment has practical and complete functional spaces, with a fully south facing bedroom and a large natural lighting area, allowing for a taste of warm living in the trendy light space; A7, 192? Yongjing Four Residence. A fully illuminated apartment with three sided lighting, featuring a spacious and elegant layout, offering a 270 degree panoramic view. On April 25th, the Sina Leju Home Purchase Day event in Qinhu Bay, Phase III of Oriental Sun City officially began at 14:00. Hundreds of netizens came to the scene to participate in the event, many of whom were children accompanying their parents to choose a house. The event site was crowded with people, and many elderly people expressed their great love for the environment and layout of Qinhu Bay. What is even more pleasing is the attentive service of Oriental Sun City. The total construction area of Phase III is about 440000 square meters, divided into two large clusters: detached villa area and apartment area. The apartment area is?? The total planned construction area of Qinhu Bay is approximately 388000 square meters, with Qinhu as the center, running through the natural flow of the cluster from north to south. The overall shape is like a piano embedded in the building, covering small public facilities and providing various service functions such as business, leisure, and daily consumption; The total area of the lake in Phase III is about 100000 square meters; 750000 square meters of sports and leisure green space runs through the lake; A first-class main road with two lanes and occasional green landscape embellishments in the middle of the road, making the road more vibrant and lively. The apartments are all equipped with elevators and have a total of 6 floors, all of which are flat. The residential buildings are distributed along the lake surface, and all point style apartments (Building 24) and slab style apartments (Building 93) are arranged in the closest positions to the lake surface, enjoying the best views; The apartment has 28 standard layouts (three, four, and five floors). Among them, the master bedroom on the first floor has a sunroom and garden; The master bedroom on the second floor has a sunroom and a terrace; The third, fourth, and fifth floors are standard floors, with some areas on the fifth floor having a relative height increase of 30 centimeters; There is a large terrace on the north side of the sixth floor, with a large flat surface and main rooms facing south. 1、 The second and fifth floor layouts are different from the standard floor layouts, and the overall layout is more diverse. Many netizens are very grateful to Sina Leju for providing this event, which allows them to easily understand the detailed information of the project.
He expects that the new round of real estate foam will continue to expand in the future, and this round of foam may exceed the size of 2007. He also warned that the real estate foam would have a negative impact on China's economic recovery and future development, and new risks would arise if the policy was not implemented in time. 21st Century: How will the real estate foam affect China's current economic recovery and future development? Sun Mingchun: So far this year, the growth rate of real estate investment has been stronger than expected, coupled with the recent surge in real estate sales, the momentum of real estate investment growth continues to increase. It is worrying that there are still many real estate projects underway, which will face further financing issues in the next two years. This means that the central bank may be forced to continue implementing loose monetary policy in 2010-2011 to avoid a large number of unfinished projects and bad bank debts. If investment projects continue to increase significantly in the year, it may force monetary policy to continue to adopt loose policies in the next two years, thus providing a hotbed for the breeding and expansion of a super asset foam. 21st Century: What measures do you think the government should take to avoid these adverse effects?   From the perspective of economic indicators, key indicators such as investment in new construction projects, bank credit, M2 money supply, stocks, and real estate markets in 2009 have reached their strongest levels in over a decade. This indicates that if there is excessive investment, the Chinese economy may soon enter a region of overheating and overheating. The policy is difficult to grasp. To be frank, even if monetary tightening measures are taken immediately and new loans and construction projects are strictly controlled, it is estimated that the growth of the money supply in the next two years will be difficult to fall below 20%. If not controlled in a timely manner, the growth of the money supply may even be higher or last longer. In such a long period of highly loose liquidity environment, asset foam are almost inevitable, and the duration and scale of foam are likely to exceed 2007. I think the government should take action early and strictly control second homes. I applaud the Hangzhou government for restricting investment and speculation to prevent the real estate foam from growing. I also do not agree with the government adopting a one size fits all tightening monetary policy. The government can take timely measures to divert some investments to overseas markets or other fields, such as education investment, etc. Local governments can also adopt moderate policies to support the development of local small and medium-sized enterprises. , Related Blog: Yang Hongxu: There is a foam in housing prices in seven cities, including Beijing and Shanghai. Green Loyalty: The government leads this round of real estate foam. Mr. Zhiyu: As long as the economy does not decline, the foam in the housing market can be ignored. Feng Xiaodong: Squeeze the foam in the housing market, and the government should increase land supply. Tang Mingyue: Rush to the Diwang, and the foam in the housing market rises again. I want to comment
Since the age of 18, Wang Yayuan has been investing in stocks and has earned over 100000 yuan in less than two years. When I participated in a simulation competition and won a prize of 10000 yuan, my real securities account had a position of nearly 1 million yuan. Three years later, Wang Yayuan has joined the securities industry as a "licensed person" and currently works at Shenyin Wanguo (Hong Kong) Securities Company, responsible for Hong Kong stock sales brokerage business. From the champion of the simulation competition back then to the current financial industry professionals, the 23-year-old "beautiful girl stock god" has her own insights. Please watch a conversation between "Caidao" and Wang Yayuan: The name "Stock God" is too heavy. Caidao: You were previously referred to as the "Beautiful Girl Stock God" by the media. How do you evaluate this title? Wang Yayuan: I don't really like it because the name 'Stock God' is too heavy. I just have a strong interest in the stock market and hope to establish my career in it. I admire Buffett very much because he is a true 'stock god', but many people misunderstand his meaning of long-term investment. Market funds are always pursuing the most ideal return through fundamental analysis, including Buffett's funds, and his sale of PetroChina is a good example. Long term investment does not mean blindly embracing a good company at any price, we may not have the market insight of Warren Buffett. If one ignores valuation and stubbornly holds onto becoming Buffett, then the streets are filled with Buffett. Caidao: Currently engaged in Hong Kong stock brokerage business, what are your core daily tasks? What financial information do you value the most when reading a large number of annual reports every day? Wang Yayuan: My core job is to help clients place orders over the phone and manage some authorized accounts for buying and selling. I hope to help them establish suitable long-term investment portfolios and make profits in the stock market. I will first search for information in newspapers, and if I find something interesting, I will print their annual reports for reading. After reading the annual report, search for its news. During the peak period of performance announcement, I read the companies that announced their performance on that day every day. The most important thing is the comparison between the company's value and its price in the stock market. For example, 100 points is the perfect score. If a company has a market value of 80 points, but its price is 100 points. I would describe it as a good company, but not a good stock. For another example, if a company has a market value of 60 points but its price drops to 30 points, then I would choose such a company. In terms of financial information, I mainly focus on profitability and asset quality. Caidao: Annual reports are an important way for investors to obtain information. What is your experience? Wang Yayuan: For example, ASM Pacific (601099, stock bar) (522), a semiconductor assembly equipment supplier listed in Hong Kong, announced its full year performance, and its fourth quarter profit fell sharply as expected. But its annual report taught me one thing: many companies encountered this financial tsunami and only made vague suggestions in their annual reports to improve their profitability. For example, the group will do its utmost to reduce expenses and increase revenue. I have read the annual reports of ten industrial stocks, and nine of them are like this. On the contrary, ASM Pacific has actually stated how it will deploy and improve the company's future profitability. As the global economy slows down, it is expected that consumer consumption patterns will undergo significant changes. Therefore, once the economy stabilizes, it is expected that consumers will significantly shift towards purchasing lower priced products, and there may be a large amount of semiconductor production capacity installed or modified to cater to this trend. This change in consumption patterns was something I did not anticipate. After reading this sentence, I suddenly felt that it made a lot of sense. And I also began to understand why many semiconductor companies in the market can have P/E ratios as low as one or two times, while ASM Pacific's P/E ratio can still reach 8 to 9 times. Because while other companies are still figuring out how to reduce expenses, maintain profitability, and weather the tsunami, ASM Pacific is already thinking about how to equip itself for the opportunity of economic stabilization now. Reading annual reports not only helps us find investment opportunities, but also allows us to learn from the broad business perspectives of well managed and experienced companies. How do you view the Hong Kong and A-share markets? Wang Yayuan: It's completely different. A-shares are highly speculative, with some investors filling their positions when the market is good and clearing their positions when the market is not good. They have no concept of value and have a strong sense of speculation. There are many situations of A-share speculation news. Hong Kong stock investors place greater emphasis on value investing, with limited news on the stock market but a preference for speculating on the future and concepts. Caidao: Do you have any regrets about investing this year? Wang Yayuan: This round of rebound has always been focused on the market downturn (meaning volatile market), believing that it will not rise so quickly, so she dare not hold heavy positions and holds 60-70% of the stocks all the way. The selection of individual stocks is good, but the use of chips is not good enough. For example, in the recent surge in Hong Kong stocks, mainland property stocks have performed the strongest. Recently, China Overseas Development (688) and China Resources Land (1109), the leading real estate stocks in mainland China, have both reached new highs. But I never bought these two stocks because I always felt they were too expensive. Even during the most terrifying decline last year, their stock price did not fall below the net asset value per share on the books. It feels a bit uncomfortable to keep watching my favorite Hopson Creative Exhibition skyrocket while I don't have any inventory. Not being able to make big money on stocks that I am optimistic about can be considered a major regret of this market surge. Caidao: In several years of stock market investment experience, what is the most important principle in personal investment experience? Do you have your own investment 'system'? Wang Yayuan: The principle is that everything has the opportunity to happen in the market, and one should not limit their imagination of the market. Just like before the financial crisis, I don't think anyone would have thought about the collapse of Lehman Brothers. The 'system' is based on fundamental analysis when selecting stocks, and then considers whether there will be a catalyst (driving factor) that will rise in the future. If there is a catalyst in two or three years, I definitely won't buy it now. Because the world is changing too quickly, in two or three years, everything may have changed. Time plays a very important role in investment. Many people think that long-term investment is very simple, as long as you buy the right stock at the beginning and hold on to it. The whole process may sound simple, but the problem is that if you make a mistake in the first step, such as choosing the wrong stock or buying stocks at the wrong time, the development of the entire story can be completely different. Caidao: You have experienced bull and bear markets in your two years of investment, and your personal account has also experienced significant fluctuations during this period. Can you disclose your recent return target? Wang Yayuan: Recently, the market has risen sharply with increasing volatility, and we see that the risks in the market are also growing. It is expected that the global economy will rebound in the fourth quarter of 2009, especially in China. So the stock market should not be bad in the fourth quarter of 2009. The goal is to earn 50% more in the second half of this year. Young people, don't rush to buy a house. Caidao: You have been renting a house in Hong Kong since graduation, why not consider buying a house? Wang Yayuan: More and more mainland students graduate from universities in Hong Kong every year. After graduation, staying in Hong Kong to work requires renting a house. Renting a regular two bedroom, one living room, 60 square meter house would cost around 8000 yuan. Nowadays, the mortgage interest rate for buying a house is very low, and real estate agents are advertising "buying cheaper than renting". I rent instead of buying because as long as I pay 30% down payment, the monthly payments thereafter may be similar to the price of renting a house. Many friends have this idea, so there are some friends around who have graduated for two or three years, accumulated some capital through working, and are eager to start paying off their mortgages. I don't quite agree with this financial plan. Because buying a house when I was too young resulted in a long repayment period, and the interest paid was actually quite astonishing. Taking a step back, even if the monthly payment is similar to renting a property, you still need to solve the problem of the down payment. For young people, the accumulation of this primitive capital is difficult. Just graduated from college, it's difficult to save up to 100000 even after hard work, but with 100000, 500000 or 1 million, it won't be as difficult as before. If you have just enough capital to pay the down payment to buy a house, you have to start accumulating from scratch. The accumulation of primary capital is also important, and the earlier you plan your wealth management, the higher your chances of success. In addition, young people can accept higher risk investments. Buying a house too early may erase this period of intense competition. After 10 or 20 years, I finally paid for one floor of the building, but by then my family's expenses were already quite high. In addition, as people reach middle age, they will gradually begin to consider financial issues related to retirement life. In terms of investment, the degree of accepting risk will gradually become more conservative. Poor financial management, when I finished paying off my mortgage in my 40s, I realized that I only had one house and nothing. Financial management is a highly specialized field of knowledge. Not necessarily professionals are good at financial management. For example, doctors, lawyers, and celebrities can earn a lot of money, but they may not necessarily be able to manage their own wealth well. For example, during the financial crisis, many outstanding individuals in their own fields may unfortunately invest in risky products such as accumulators and Lehman mini bonds that they initially did not understand. Many people have dreams, such as starting a business or traveling around the world, which require achieving financial freedom. The earlier you save up a sum of money, the better, you should use it to earn money.  
The 10th place Yongjing Four Seasons Transparent Second Residence with a distance of 100 meters between buildings (picture) NO.10. Yongjing Four Seasons, (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) has sold 307 sets, with a transaction area of 33557.18 square meters and an average transaction price of 10361.49 yuan. The picture shows the effect of Yongjing Four Seasons. Yongjing Four Seasons Building 1 and Building 6 are for sale. Building 1 mainly consists of two bedroom apartments ranging from 105 to 113 square meters, with a layout that is transparent from south to north, overlooking the Western Hills to the north and the Tuscan desktop garden to the south. Building 6 is mainly composed of 90 square meter small two bedroom units, which not only offer a distant view of the West Mountain, but also have a panoramic view of the water landscape gardens that run through the three major clusters of the community. Yongjing Siji is located next to Fushi Road in the western district of Beijing, adjacent to Metro Line S1 and Metro Line 1. We have a 70000 square meter super large water landscape garden, with a green coverage rate of nearly 60% and an average building spacing of over 100 meters. The community is equipped with 25000 square meters of commercial supporting facilities, and the surrounding facilities are mature. There are modern malls, Wal Mart and other large-scale commercial shopping centers. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. I want to comment
The second phase of the high-end experience activity of Huacai International Apartment series was launched on the 25th. Recently, Huacai International Apartment located on Guangshun North Street in Wangjing has received frequent good news (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search). In the favorable situation of the "Little Spring" real estate market in Beijing, sales have been soaring across the board, performance has been steadily increasing, and weekly sales performance is leading the residential areas in Wangjing. To express our gratitude to the homeowners for their attention and support to Huacai, the second session of the "Wonderful, Life" series of high-end experiential activities at Huacai International Apartment's home feng shui lecture will be held at 2:00 pm on April 25th. The "Wonderful, Life" series of activities is a high-quality experience provided by Huacai International Apartments to homeowners through soft services, offering them a perfect life. The successful hosting of Harley Davidson motorcycle exhibition, cigar salon, wine tasting event, and home feng shui lecture has received high praise from the majority of homeowners, especially the home feng shui lecture, which has sparked a wave of active participation from the majority of homeowners. In response to the request of many old homeowners, Sheng Zhong, Secretary General of the China International Zhouyi Federation, will once again be present at the second session of this home feng shui lecture to answer feng shui questions for the guests face-to-face. It is understood that Huacai International Apartments, based on the mature fertile land in the core of Wangjing living area, strives to achieve the perfection of living life through the perfection of living details. In terms of planning and layout, the high harmony between "architecture and environment, architecture and residents" is highlighted. The overall layout of the community is well-organized, following the "?" shape, with a pure south to north layout of buildings. The water system runs through the community, making it a place of "wind and gas gathering" in the Wangjing area. It is worth mentioning that as the upcoming third phase new product of Huacai International Apartments, the fully furnished and 180 square meter thin plate large-scale apartment will focus on improving quality in more aspects, aiming to carry out the perfect life of Huacai to the end. The Guangshun North Street Station of Metro Line 14, which will be opened at the end of 2011, will be located on the west side of Huacai. At that time, Huacai International Apartment owners will enjoy more "convenience and exclusivity" on the mature quality. In addition to providing on-site guidance on home feng shui secrets and answering feng shui questions, Master Sheng Zhong will also announce surprises at the home feng shui lecture. Interested parties are kindly requested to visit the site for more details. Time: This Saturday (April 25th) at 2pm Location: Inside the clubhouse of Building 2 of Huacai International Apartment
The average price of a three bedroom apartment in Feicheng, Southwest Fifth Ring Road, is 8000 yuan (picture). Sina Real Estate News (editor, Yanyang) Feicheng, (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) Currently, the last house is for sale, with an average price of 8000 yuan/square meter. The one-time payment will be reduced by 500 yuan/square meter (2680 yuan) on the basis of the original price. The project for sale is the last building in Feicheng, with 25 story high ceilings, 2 elevators, and 3 households. The building has a 20 degree north-south inclination, and the units for sale are two bedroom apartments with an area of about 90 square meters and three bedroom apartments with an area of 110-130 square meters. They will be occupied by the end of 2009. Feicheng is located at the Feicheng exit of the West Fifth Ring Road, adjacent to the Beijing Shijiazhuang Expressway and the South Fifth Ring Road, with convenient transportation. There are up to 19 bus routes in the surrounding area, with 983 heading north to Zhongguancun, 715 heading east to CBD, 971 heading south to Muxiyuan, 309 branches to Qianmen Terminal, 964 lines to Xike Station, and the Beijing Fangshan section of Line 5 light rail, forming a complete public transportation system. Relying on the mature planning of a 1.3 million square meter community, with complete supporting facilities - Wumart Supermarket, multiple hospitals, and major banks are within easy reach.   The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. Click to view more discounted real estate information
Yizhuang North Bank offers a discount of 200 yuan per square meter during the May Day holiday (pictured). The second stop for travel is Yizhuang North Bank (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search). The current price is 9000 yuan per square meter, and the travel destination is 300 meters south of Yizhuang Bridge on the fifth ring road of Daxing South. Latest news: In preparation for the upcoming May Day holiday, Yizhuang North Bank not only continues to offer a discount of 200 yuan per square meter, but also prepares special surprise discounts for customers who visit Yizhuang North Bank during the May Day holiday and successfully purchase a house. In addition, a discount gift card worth 1000 will be given to old homeowners who introduce new customers and successfully sign contracts. At present, there are less than a hundred units for sale on the north bank of Yizhuang, all of which are buy and live properties with thin boards. There is a 56 square meter one bedroom apartment with exquisite and dynamic living space. This layout fully considers the practicality of the living space and carefully sets up a balcony. Customers can make slight modifications according to their own requirements to become two bedrooms, with a down payment starting at 100000 yuan; There are 88 square meters of transparent two bedroom apartments, with a square layout that is suitable for both movement and stillness. The down payment starts at 160000 yuan. In addition, there are bright and comfortable apartment layouts available for customers to personally choose on-site. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. I want to comment
Beijing Xiaoyangchun is gradually showing signs of fatigue, and in the first week of May, there will be another wave of opening promotions (picture) Sina Real Estate News, (editor, business name Yang), according to Sina Leju statistics, the number of residential pre-sale contracts in Beijing has been declining for two consecutive weeks. Industry insiders believe that most of the demand for self occupied housing has been released, and the real estate market transactions in May will be mainly stable, making it difficult to continue the "little spring" boom. At present, many developers have accelerated the pace of opening and promotion, and a new round of opening and promotion will be launched in the first week of May. The signing volume has decreased by 5% for two consecutive weeks. According to data from the Beijing Real Estate Transaction Management Network, the online signing volume of residential pre-sale houses was 3242 units last week (April 26th to May 2nd), 3409 units the week before (April 19th to April 25th), and 3587 units the week before (April 12th to April 18th). Based on this calculation, the online signing volume of residential pre-sales in the Beijing real estate market has shown a decreasing trend every week in the past three weeks, with a month on month decrease of 5.0% and 4.9% respectively. The decline in online subscription volume for residential properties is even more astonishing. Data shows that the online subscription volume of residential pre-sales last week was 1271 units, a decrease of 20.8% compared to the previous week's 1605 units, and a decrease of 49.5% compared to the highest subscription volume of 2517 units in April (April 5th to April 11th). The stabilization of the real estate market is difficult to sustain. In response to the fact that the number of residential pre-sale contracts has been declining for two consecutive weeks, industry insiders have analyzed that the real estate market has entered a rational correction stage. In May, the real estate market transactions will be mainly "stable", making it difficult to continue the market trend of the small Yangchun. Guo Yi, Marketing Director of Yahao Institution, stated that although subscription statistics cannot truly reflect market changes, in terms of signing volume, after the concentrated digestion in March and early April, the long accumulated demand for self occupied housing in the Beijing real estate market has been largely released. If the government and developers cannot take measures to stimulate the entry of improvement and investment oriented demand, the momentum of sales recovery will be difficult to sustain. Guo Yi also pointed out that although the sales speed has started to slow down, there will not be a significant decline. A project manager who declined to be named also stated that based on their market monitoring, the overall trend of real estate sales is indeed slowing down. Due to the sluggish market in January and February, many developers pushed the opening date to the end of March and April, and generally adopted a strategy of entering the market at low prices. These are important reasons for the concentrated release of self occupied demand and the small spring in the real estate market. In the first week of May, the developer launched a sales promotion frenzy. In order to catch the ride of the small spring in the real estate market, the developer significantly accelerated the speed of selling. According to Sina Leju statistics, it is expected that 60 projects will be launched for sale in Beijing in May, nearly double the month on month increase from April, including 18 pure new projects. Only this weekend (May 9-10), nearly 10 projects such as Jinyu Coca Cola+and 8 Mile Island have opened or held promotional activities. Despite the sharp increase in opening numbers, industry insiders say that it is difficult for the real estate market to see significant price reductions in May, and overall housing prices are stabilizing. The project manager mentioned earlier that the developer has already survived the most tight financial period of the Spring Festival. National policies have tilted towards the real estate industry, leading to an increase in investment demand. The number of visitors to the project has generally remained at a high level. These factors have made it difficult for developers to reduce prices, so there will be significant price fluctuations in the Beijing real estate market in May. Guo Yi believes that projects with good sales performance will experience a slight increase in prices, but most projects will maintain stable prices or even lower prices. Therefore, the overall housing prices in the real estate market in May will show a stable to slightly decreasing trend. 1. Jintai City Liwan, (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search), highlights: Leju Home Purchase Day will be held on May 9th, with Leju netizens enjoying exclusive discounts and gifts. The picture shows the real scene of the Jintai City Liwan community project. The upcoming Building 10 of Jintai City Liwan is located in the center of the community, with a 21 story tower board combination building, in the core of the community landscape. The finished house is ready for occupancy and is expected to move in by the end of June this year. 2 elevators for 4-6 households, with a unit area of about 60 square meters for one bedroom, about 115 square meters for two bedroom duplex, and about 139 square meters for three bedroom north-south transparent apartments. Jintai City Liwan is located on the northwest side of Caihuying Bridge on the West Second Ring Road, occupying the core of the West Second Ring Road and the extension of the Financial Street. It is a 220000 square meter building complex that integrates residential, office, SOHO commercial, and street facing shops.   The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. I want to comment
Small village and big celebrity, Xu Jiayin walks steadily and steadily with each step (picture). Since 2008, when it comes to Xu Jiayin, whether it is the media or ordinary people who know a little about China's real estate industry, they will care about him and his Evergrande real estate situation like they care about how much Zhang Yimou's new film investment will be and which "scheming girl" will be used? Whether there is new income or new trouble... Every time Xu Jiayin appears, it is closely monitored by the media. Its level of attention can be considered on par with figures such as Wang Shi from Vanke, Yang Guoqiang and Yang Huiyan from Country Garden (a subsidiary of the company). Xu Jiayin is often worried by many colleagues, both openly and secretly. Of course, some people may pretend to be reserved and only express their disapproval of Xu Jiayin through "concern" or "hearsay". This situation, especially after March 2008. During that period, the appearance rate of Xu Jiayin naturally decreased to the minimum possible, which further fueled speculation about Evergrande or Xu Jiayin himself, to the extent that these two terms became topics of discussion among industry professionals. Xu Jiayin seems to be an iron fisted figure in the real estate industry circle. He does not have the "national surname" origin like Wang Shi and Li Binhai, but can keenly grasp mainstream ideas, cross the sea of commerce through storms and remain at the forefront; It's not like Li Silian from R&F Real Estate (enterprise zone, under its properties), who can use balancing techniques to make his comrades complement each other and create a world together; Not like Yang Guoqiang from Country Garden, who supported his second daughter with great courage and determination, gradually completing the transformation from a family system to a modern enterprise; Unlike giants like Zhu Mengyi and Guo Ziwen, who have numerous sibling connections... However, he was able to gradually develop and grow Evergrande Real Estate from a single start-up in 1996 to a large-scale real estate enterprise with a nationwide presence today, relying solely on his own efforts. Open Baidu search and you can see over 311000 web pages about Xu Jiayin.     Naturally, Xu Jiayin cannot forget the bitter years before adulthood. In a recent interview, he summed up the memory of his childhood life as a concrete image - "hairy Mantou". Although it may seem too straightforward, it does outline an image for the public that comes from a poor family. As a historical and cultural city in Henan, Taikang has produced numerous famous figures throughout its history. The most famous ones include Wu Guang in the late Qin Dynasty, Xie An in the Eastern Jin Dynasty, Xie Lingyun in the Southern and Northern Dynasties, and so on. Xu Jiayin's childhood life, although living conditions were difficult, fortunately, his parents, like most Taikang people, attached great importance to education and culture, and always insisted on allowing Xu Jiayin to complete his studies. Even Xu Jiayin himself has considerable expertise in poetry and literature. According to the internal publicity staff of Evergrande Real Estate, many important articles and instructions on Evergrande newspapers and websites are actually written by Chairman Xu himself. The personal struggle history of Xu Jiayin is undoubtedly a historical epitome that coincides with the golden age of rapid development in China over the past 30 years. Xu Jiayin once recalled in an interview that it was the power of knowledge that changed his life. In the first year after the resumption of the college entrance examination, he was admitted to the Department of Metallurgy at Wuhan University of Science and Technology with excellent grades. After graduation, Xu Jiayin worked at Wuyang Iron and Steel Company in Henan for 10 years. After Deng Xiaoping's southern tour in 1992, Xu Jiayin came to Shenzhen. A few words, but reflecting the tremendous changes of the times. Undoubtedly, Xu Jiayin was successful. The fast-paced balancing technique is like Xu Jiayin's additional education compared to many Southern style real estate company owners. In terms of business management and expansion strategy, Xu Jiayin is no less impressive than many Southern style real estate developers who started earlier than him, let alone companies that entered the industry later than Evergrande Real Estate. 1992 was definitely an extraordinary year. When Deng Xiaoping said 'we need to move faster', that year, Li Silian and Zhang Li had just begun to decide to cooperate, specializing in real estate; Feng Lun's Wantong has only been established for one year, and he is still growing wildly with Pan Shiyi, who has joined the "4+2" management core; And Wang Shi was also the first to issue the slogan 'Vanke will not do anything if its profit exceeds 25%' in this year; Yang Guoqiang just struggled to hold up his first Country Garden this year; Zhu Mengyi also registered the Hopson Creative Exhibition in Hong Kong this year... Looking back on this history, people will find that Xu Jiayin's luck is really too good. Although he started almost 4 years later than the aforementioned entrepreneurs, Xu Jiayin's success still benefited from the enormous opportunities provided by the times and policies. From 1992 to 1996, for real estate companies at that time, it could not compare to the current four months, even if it was four weeks of urgency and rapid changes. The widespread rise of real estate enterprises in mainland China actually stems from the shrinkage of Hong Kong capital and the giving up of development space after the 1997 Asian financial crisis.   Perhaps this is precisely why Xu Jiayin appears so combative and direct. Deep down in his heart, he always worries about falling too far behind others. When Country Garden Group successfully went public with a market value of 116.3 billion yuan in the first half of 2007 and became a giant in China's real estate industry, Xu Jiayin's Evergrande Real Estate was actually not far from this position. In the ten-year expansion history of Evergrande Real Estate, almost every city it visited was accompanied by the practical implementation of the slogan "opening at a special price, special price appreciation". According to a senior person who has been working as a real estate marketing agent in Guangdong for many years, "Xu Jiayin's strategy of 'opening with special prices, special prices with appreciation' that he has been pursuing for the past decade is a highly lethal means for many peers. Many real estate companies cannot do without his fast marketing and 'cost price' strategies, and feel frustrated." In 1998, more than a year after founding Evergrande Industrial, Xu Jiayin first opened the Guangzhou Jinbi Garden project. "At that time, we sold the opening price of 2500 yuan/square meter at a floor land price of 686 yuan/square meter, and the market popularity was extremely high." Xu Jiayin proudly recalled the accumulation of the "first bucket of gold" to the media. Completed. An industry insider who has been immersed in the real estate industry in Guangzhou for more than ten years once said, "Such impressive achievements are due to Xu Jiayin's consistent pursuit of a strategy of catching up quickly." Colleagues also noticed that while he is moving fast, he also "walks the tightrope". Whether it's stepping out of Haizhu District in Guangzhou, entering the Pearl River Delta, or the successive blooming of Evergrande series products across the country, Xu Jiayin's "cost price" marketing strategy and the simultaneous launch of multiple projects in multiple locations have always been his family's secret. Even in the second half of 2008, he would still choose to open 13 cities simultaneously to imply that Evergrande was now wealthy again. In 2009, Evergrande Real Estate suddenly launched a "renaming marketing war" in Guangzhou, which was also a peculiar tactic that surprised the industry. The same property was renamed and launched one after another within a few months, "which not only avoids the fact that the market is still declining and the sales of the property are not fast, but also stimulates many potential customers at 'cost price'. This move is very clever," commented a Guangzhou professional agency CEO. Xu Jiayin never acted according to common sense and has become his standard impression among Southern style real estate developers. I want to comment
The average opening price of Sihui Dongheng Shengshi Season in mid to late May is 16000 (picture). Sina Real Estate News, (editor, business name Yang), Dongheng Shengshi Season, (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search), the king of scenic buildings - Building B5 is scheduled to open in mid to late May. Building B5 is a 16 story board building with 1 elevator and 3 households. The unit sizes range from 63 square meters for one bedroom to 178 square meters for three bedrooms, with an average price of 16000 yuan per square meter. It is currently available. There is a surprise discount at the opening. At present, the actual building model room has been opened. Dongheng Shengshi Ji is located on the southwest side of Huatang Shopping Mall on Chaoyang Road, with a large community of 450000 square meters. It is surrounded by Dongsi Ring Road, Chang'an Avenue Extension Line, and Chaoyang Road. It is a 10 minute walk to Sihui Metro Station and 200 meters away from Huatang Shopping Mall on Chaoyang Road. The project development is mature, and more than 2000 homeowners have moved in; The 11000 square meter water landscape garden has been presented in real life; The fa ç ade of the 5000 square meter hot spring clubhouse has begun to appear; The prestigious schools introduced by the community include 21st Century Bilingual Kindergarten and Ritan Elementary School. The above information is for reference only, and the final content announced by the developer shall prevail. Click to view more discounted real estate information
Developers are playing the warm spring card, and the East Asia North Center welcomes a sunny spring. In April 2009, the transaction volume of the Beijing real estate market has been showing a slight upward trend, which is considered by the market as the arrival of the "little spring" of the real estate market. With the recovery of sales this time, Sina Leju has found a different situation from before. In the hot days of the real estate market, developers are thinking about holding back their properties or how to raise prices every day. However, behind this hot sales, developers are playing a more service card. Recently, the East Asia North Center located in the Huilongguan area (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) launched a series of "check-in service season" activities to serve homeowners. Including launching the "Green Plant Naming Public Welfare Activity", opening free subway direct trains, and offering discounts to cooperative service merchants. It is reported that the East Asia North Center sold over 300 units in March, once again becoming the leader in the sales of the Beijing North real estate market. The remaining units are currently maintaining an optimistic sales trend, and the originally scheduled check-in time in September this year has been advanced to May. The developer's launch of the service season is also aimed at providing the best service and quality assurance to the majority of homeowners. There is a "backyard" in the north of Beijing. "Our product has incorporated the planning concept of garden construction and green ecology into it since its inception, and treated it as a key focus of product construction." Faced with a large central landscape garden of 30000 square meters, the person in charge of the Upper North Center told Sina Leju. The Huilongguan area, which has always been regarded as a "treasure land" in northern Beijing, has always been considered one of the best livable places in the capital. With the acceleration of urban development and construction, this "treasure land" has also attracted the attention of many developers in the market. At present, the 240000 square meter East Asia North Center in the region is a project invested and constructed by East Asia Xinhua Real Estate in 2007, and has become a landmark building in the region. And the unique 30000 square meter central landscape garden of the project has become a beautiful scenery. The person in charge of the Shangbei project stated that the air in the Huilongguan area is fresh, and product design should strengthen the protection and development of the environment and garden construction. The project is located adjacent to the 50000 square meter Huilongguan Sports Park, along with its own garden, with the aim of actively creating a good ecological environment for the community. Huilongguan is considered as the backyard of Beijing, and this 30000 square meter garden can be said to be a garden within a garden! Advocating green living, starting with caring for trees and building their own homes with homeowners, this is almost the consensus of all real estate development companies. However, how to better reflect the humanized characteristics in detail design, while enhancing the initiative and enthusiasm of homeowners, the "Green Plant Naming Public Welfare Activity" of the East Asia North Center has been well received by consumers. It is reported that in the 30000 square meter garden of Shangbei Center, there are numerous trees, flowers, and plants. The design is mainly based on scientific, functional, and aesthetic elements. In order to allow homeowners to deeply experience the environmental advantages and demonstrate the concept of "ownership", Shangbei Center has launched this green public welfare activity since late March. Owners can now name their favorite trees in their own community. It is reported that the trees named by Shangbei Center this time include about 200 trees such as magnolia, wutong, acacia, cedar, white wax, etc. The person in charge of Shangbei Center stated that this move aims to form a community concept of green, humanistic, and environmentally friendly in Shangbei Center. It is understood that most of the owners in the Upper North Center are urban educated youth cultural groups, and this event will be of great significance for creating a harmonious community cultural environment for future owners. The community environment should be jointly constructed. It is understood that the 30000 square meter garden in the East Asia North Center includes eight functional zones and seven landscape zones, providing people with year-round landscape enjoyment. The thousands of trees, flowers, and plants in the garden will also provide a beautiful environment for the community. The beautiful environment depends on everyone. We hope to use this green planting activity to build and maintain our own homes together with the vast number of homeowners, so that every homeowner can fall in love with this place and become the true owner here. The launch of this green public welfare activity also coincides with the Tree Planting Festival. The person in charge of Shangbei Center stated that through the joint efforts of developers and homeowners, we strive to enable every homeowner in Shangbei Center to enjoy greenery and nature while knowing how to care for life, respect life, and face work and life with a positive and healthy attitude. At the same time, Shangbei Center will also strive to create a green community culture, making green everywhere and leading healthy living with green housing. Building a beautiful home, maintaining a green environment, and preserving an ecological community together with homeowners will be the consistent mission of the East Asia North Center. The free subway through train makes it more convenient for homeowners. In order to facilitate homeowners who are about to move in and consumers who constantly come to view the property, we have decided to open a community shuttle bus from the project to the subway to provide consumers with the most convenient transportation services. While vigorously constructing the garden, the East Asia North Center recently also opened a direct shuttle bus from the project to the subway to facilitate the transportation of homeowners and homeowners. The project leader told Sina Leju that as most of the buyers of the project come by subway, in order to facilitate consumers to reach the community and provide high-quality services, the East Asia North Center has decided to open a service shuttle from the North Center to the Huilongguan subway station at the end of March, from 9:30 to 16:30 every day from Monday to Friday, and the service is free of charge. It is reported that Building 13 of the East Asia North Center has been fully completed and is currently for ready to use sales. It can be delivered in advance in May. With its superior geographical location and convenient transportation conditions, as well as its excellent garden and commercial facilities, the project has attracted the favor of many self occupied and investment customers, and product sales have repeatedly increased. In March, the East Asia North Center sold over 300 sets. In order to meet the needs of more homebuyers, Building 6, which is located in an excellent position within the community, will be put on sale on April 11th and is worth paying attention to. It is reported that the opening of free subway shuttle buses in the Upper North Center is also due to the opening of the creative space by the owners of the Upper North Center, which has attracted many visitors to personally experience the property. The owner's creative space has been open for nearly two months, covering all product forms such as zero room, one room, and two room projects. The exquisite and simple style and the owner's creative display have attracted the attention of many consumers. It is reported that in addition to providing services in the garden community and subway through trains, the "check-in service season" event of the East Asia North Center will also launch a luxury check-in gift action, which means that homeowners can enjoy a membership card provided by the developer with hundreds of merchants' joint discounts before officially moving in. The services involve various aspects such as food, clothing, accommodation, transportation, medical education, etc. (Editor/Wang Wei), I want to comment
Tao Dong insists that the current excess liquidity will inevitably lead to a rapid rise in China's real estate market in the next six months or even a year. However, Tao Dong does not agree with the word "foam" that has been discussed a lot at present, because "subjectivity is too strong. Here is the interview transcript: Viewpoint Real Estate New Media: How do you view the changes in real estate from 2008 to 2009? Tao Dong: I think the real estate industry in the past year can only be described as' great joy, great sorrow '. There is nothing better than these four words to describe the roller coaster like changes in the real estate market. There are actually two completely different policy factors and market adjustments involved here.   After the house couldn't be sold in 2008, there was a cash flow chaos. Indeed, in the second half of last year, many developers were on the brink of breaking their funding chains due to cash flow issues. This has brought significant pressure to the real estate market.   Due to the financial tsunami, central banks around the world have shifted their monetary policy from collection to release, and they have been releasing it with all their might. This led to a sudden drop in interest rates, and after a period of adjustment, liquidity began to flow into the real economy, especially in China. Excessive liquidity has led to an increase in asset prices, first in the stock market and then spreading to the real estate market. Since the beginning of this year, there have been clear signs of recovery in real estate transaction volume, and later house prices have also started to rise. Viewpoint Real Estate New Media: What has been the most memorable thing for you this year? Tao Dong: The most impressive thing was the government's crackdown on the real estate market in the third quarter of last year and the market support in the fourth quarter. Such a dramatic change in policy within six months is rare in Chinese history. Viewpoint on Real Estate New Media: How do you view the current real estate market? Tao Dong: We should first take a look at the macro environment. I think the macro environment actually has a trilogy. The first part is the financial tsunami, which brings about turbulence in the financial system and a liquidity crisis.   The public's confidence has experienced a landslide like decline, which has had a significant impact on the real estate industry. Afterwards, the second step of this crisis was the most severe economic recession in the post-war world. The recession is actually still ongoing, although in the past two months, some economic figures have reached turning points, which analysts have called "spring shoots". But this only represents signs of economic stability, and there is still debate about whether there will be a rapid "V-shaped" rebound in the future. But personally, I think the possibility of a "V" shape appearing is unlikely. But even if the recovery speed of the real economy is fast enough, the central bank has released unprecedented liquidity that the real economy can withstand. So some liquidity will overflow and become 'hot money'. This part of hot money is currently the main driving force behind the rise of financial assets. This is the same both domestically and internationally. Rather than saying that economic recovery has driven up financial prices, it is more accurate to say that too much liquidity and too low capital costs have driven up the prices of financial assets, which have helped restore people's confidence and thus driven the recovery of the real economy. Opinion from Real Estate New Media: However, according to the latest data released by the National Bureau of Statistics, China's real economy is still in a declining stage so far? Tao Dong: I think the low point of the real economy was in the first quarter of this year. Afterwards, there was a significant improvement in domestic demand, and the export situation remained severe, but the worsening situation seems to have passed. There will be a slight improvement in the second half of this year, but the pace of recovery will be significantly slower than that of the real estate market. If we look at asset prices, there has been a clear rebound, which actually indicates that the recovery of China's real economy is uneven. There is a hot side, a warm side, and a cold side. And this determines that China's current monetary policy will still be mainly loose, after all, the export situation is not optimistic and the employment market situation is still severe. In this situation, it is difficult for the government to withdraw liquidity on a large scale, which may have a direct negative impact on the real economy. But without reclaiming liquidity, large-scale astronomical loans will add fuel to the already hot asset price rise, and the government is currently in this dilemma. I believe that the recovery of the real economy and the creation of employment opportunities are more important, which determines that there will be no shortage of liquidity in the real estate market and there will be no rapid tightening of monetary policy. Therefore, real estate prices will continue to rise in the second half of the year. Opinion on Real Estate New Media: Is this upward trend short-term? Tao Dong: Real estate must have cycles, with ups and downs. Now it seems that the real estate industry has entered a new upward cycle. However, due to the previous round of real estate adjustment not being sufficient, a large number of inventory houses have not been effectively digested. Due to the financial crisis breaking the government's adjustment plan and forcing a shift from contraction to liberalization, the previous round of adjustments was not sufficient. I believe that at some point, in the next round of adjustment, these factors will reappear in the supply-demand relationship. I believe that the next adjustment cycle in the real estate industry will not occur this year, nor will it occur earlier next year. Viewpoint on Real Estate New Media: However, the rebound and recovery of the real estate industry this round have come much faster than expected, seemingly exceeding the imagination and expectations of many people. Tao Dong: The analysis of asset prices in this round is destined to be immature. If we look at fundamental analysis, especially based on income, today's real estate prices should not have risen at the current rate. But the other side that people haven't seen is the rampant liquidity and extremely low cost of capital. If the initial portion of funds was caused by rigid demand, then I believe the main driving force for the continued rise of real estate in the second half of the year will come from hot money and speculation. Viewpoint real estate new media: Do you think this is the beginning of a new foam?   Foam is a discourse with many subjective colors. At present, I prefer to call it asset price inflation. Such high liquidity is bound to bring inflation, but in the short term, there are still many problems with employment and production capacity in the real economy, and the promotion of this round of inflation comes from asset inflation. I want to comment
Wang Shi's turning point theory: current housing prices cannot be maintained Author: Wang Haichun In May, as prices rose, the number of rigid and self occupied demands began to decline, but the number of investment demands increased significantly. Amidst the sound of a "rebound" in the real estate market, Vanke Chairman Wang Shi (Wang Shi's blog) once again threw out the "turning point theory" and poured cold water on the somewhat "overheated" real estate market. Wang Shi recently stated in a media interview that the current housing price cannot be sustained. The significant increase in trading volume in the first quarter of this year has indeed brought some warmth to the market, but in order to continue the current recovery trend and achieve comprehensive market recovery, the injection of new demand is essential. After the interview, the reporter found that although the overall transaction volume in May reached a new high, it is worth noting that there has been a structural change in the current market's supply and demand sides: the number of rigid demands is decreasing, while the number of investment demands is gradually increasing. From February to May, the structure of demand is constantly changing. It can be concluded that investment demand has entered the market now, "Yang Hongxu (Yang Hongxu's blog) told reporters. From February to March, rigid demand was the absolute market mainstay, and from March to April, improvement demand was stimulated by rigid demand. In May, as prices rose, the quantity of rigid and self occupied demand began to decline, but the quantity of investment demand increased significantly. Taking Shanghai as an example, in May, the transaction volume within the inner ring of Shanghai increased by 30% year-on-year, while the increase between the inner and outer rings was 10%, but the outer ring fell by 3.2%. The transaction price of second-hand houses in Shanghai increased by about 10% month on month in May, but this increase was mainly driven by some high-end properties in the city center, and the increase in the outer suburbs was not significant. Yang Hongxu believes that the transaction volume of high-end real estate projects in the city center showed a significant increase in May, which is a clear sign of "chasing after the rise". In the uncertain future of the real estate market and the significant increase in prices, rigid housing demand generally does not easily "chase after the rise", so it can be concluded that investment demand has entered the market. According to Gao Jintao, the regional director of Meilian Property, based on the transaction situation in May, high-end residential properties in Shanghai have begun to increase in volume, which can be seen as a prelude to the collective entry of improvement and investment demand into the market. Meanwhile, the trend of high-end housing transactions in May indicates that investment demand will to some extent replace rigid demand as the main force in the later market. Lin Rongshi, director of Daobang Real Estate, said in an interview that if investment demand continues to enter the market, foam may accumulate again. The duration of investors' ability to buy houses is a question, especially how strong their willingness to chase price increases is. The underlying message of favorable policies for the real estate market is stability, not encouraging speculation, "said Wu Jiayi, director of CBRE Greater China, who believes that the trend of domestic real estate prices is largely influenced by policies. The "turning point theory" reappears. Wang Shi, the chairman of Vanke, recently stated in a media interview that the current housing prices cannot be sustained.   Some media have referred to Wang Shi's statement as a new "turning point theory". This is the second time Wang Shi has put forward the "turning point theory" after accurately predicting that the real estate market would experience a turning point in 2008 in 2007. At this time when the real estate situation is booming, the new "turning point" theory cannot help but make everyone's hearts ache again. In fact, there are many people in the market who share the same view as Wang Shi.   From a data perspective, the real estate market is almost in a state of prosperity now.     A noteworthy detail is that the momentum of continuous increase in trading volume has slowed down. According to monitoring data from Zhongyuan Real Estate (Zhongyuan Real Estate Blog), the transaction area of six cities in China experienced a month on month decline in May, and Chongqing's transaction volume in May decreased by nearly 30% compared to April. In the last week of May (25-31), the total transaction volume in 8 cities decreased by 10% compared to last week, with Shanghai decreasing by 23% and Guangzhou, Tianjin, and Chongqing all decreasing by 9%.   Based on the continuous rise in prices, it is unlikely that the trading volume will continue to remain high, and it will eventually peak and then decline, "said Yang Hongxu, director of the China Comprehensive Research Institute at E-house (E-house Blog).  
Feng Lun: Frequent high priced land acquisition by central enterprises will lead to continued rise in housing prices. Regarding him, Feng Lun (Feng Lun Blog) was born in Xi'an, Shaanxi in 1959. He received a bachelor's degree in economics from Northwest University, a master's degree in law from the Central Party School, and a doctoral degree in law from the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. From 1984 to 1991, he worked at the Central Party School, the National Commission for Reform and Development, and the Hainan Provincial Institute of Reform and Development.   Regarding his words, when faced with an entrepreneur who claimed to have written letters to many central leaders and company executives, and whose entrepreneurial dreams had been repeatedly shattered, Feng Lun said that most successful entrepreneurs have persevered and need patience. The greatest skill of private enterprises is to kneel down and seek help from others. We can bow down or bend down, but we will never lie down. "" Small and medium-sized enterprises need to find 'economically suitable men' who are suitable for themselves. When selecting talents, they must choose according to their needs, not useless' luxury men '. Recently, during the APEC SME Summit, one of the highlights of Alibaba's 10th anniversary celebration, Feng Lun, Chairman of Wantong Real Estate, who is known as a "thinker" in the real estate industry, said in an interview with our reporter that everyone is saying that real estate companies have high profits, but they don't know that the government actually earns more from them than enterprises. The topic of high profits in the real estate industry has always been controversial, and real estate companies often bear the blame of driving up housing prices for high profits. Feng Lun does not shy away from this. He said that the profits in the real estate industry are very attractive, but most people only focus on marrying their daughters and not on raising them. In fact, in terms of profit distribution, the government earns more than enterprises. He cited Vanke as an example, saying that last year Vanke paid 5 billion yuan in taxes to the government, exceeding its dividend distribution to shareholders by 4 billion yuan.   In fact, this is not the first time Feng Lun has delved into similar issues.   Feng Lun further pointed out that before 2008, real estate companies and governments were trapped in a vicious cycle of "honeymoon thinking", which resulted in all listed real estate companies paying more taxes than profits. When it comes to the frequent phenomenon of central enterprises competing to become "land kings" in the domestic real estate industry, he believes that the frequent high price land acquisitions by central enterprises will lead to competition and ultimately result in rising housing prices. After this year's Spring Festival, the national real estate market rose against the trend. The enthusiasm of real estate companies to acquire land has reignited, especially recently, land prices in various regions have been frequently refreshed. Industry insiders believe that this year, "land kings" have emerged frequently, and real estate companies with state-owned assets have undoubtedly become important drivers.   Prior to this, state-owned enterprises such as China Resources Land (enterprise zone, under its properties) and Shanghai Urban Construction Group also took turns to satisfy their addiction to being "land kings". As for the future housing price trend that consumers are most concerned about, savvy Feng Lun is unwilling to dwell too much. House prices are the most difficult to accurately predict. Many people in the industry have previously made statements about the trend of house prices, but looking back, these predictions are often compared incorrectly. The real estate industry is experiencing a phenomenon of "national advance and private retreat" since the beginning of this year. The phenomenon of "national advance and private retreat" in the real estate industry will shift the market transaction system from competition to monopoly, making housing prices more rigid. Feng Lun further gave an example that if the market is not good, private real estate companies will sell at market cost price or lower than cost price, and consumers can expect to buy cheaper houses when the economy is not good. If it is a state-owned enterprise acquiring land, even if the market is not good and the cost is there, the state-owned enterprise will not lower the cost and bear the responsibility for the loss of state-owned assets. Therefore, during market fluctuations, only private enterprise housing prices fluctuate, while state-owned enterprise housing prices become rigid prices. The larger the supply of central enterprises, the more rigid the property prices become, and consumers do not benefit. Feng Lun believes that the further development of the de marketization phenomenon in the real estate industry will have serious consequences, as monopolistic interests may ultimately become welfare for small groups. Central enterprises use taxpayers' money, but they turn taxpayers' individual assets into group welfare through group buying and other forms. This unfair distribution phenomenon should be paid attention to. The recently controversial China National Petroleum Corporation (13.57, -0.07, -0.51%) group buying housing incident is a good example, and this phenomenon should not occur in the real estate industry. This column is written by journalist Wan Li, and I would like to comment on it
Wang Shi: With stricter credit policies, housing prices will come down. Hao Qian said, "In recent years, I have been constantly observing myself, observing enterprises, and observing society. I have a strong feeling that our pace is getting faster, society is becoming richer, and industries are becoming larger. We are running wildly all the way, and it seems that we cannot stop..." With such insights from her new book "The Wandering Soul," Wang Shi (Wang Shi Blog) appeared at the book launch and signing event held at Shanghai Book City yesterday. The chairman of Vanke A (00000 2. SZ) is willing to share with the media and readers his reflections and experiences since the macroeconomic regulation began in 2007, as well as his experiences of traveling to Jerusalem, through this book. The real estate market is tied to monetary policy, and real estate developers always forget the pain even when the initial pain is deep in their bones.   In June and July of this year, although the government still stated that it would implement a moderately loose monetary policy, it is clear that the banking system has begun to control second home loans internally. Of course, the implementation is still loose now. But as long as it is strict, housing prices will still come down, "Wang Shi made it clear. He made this judgment based on the previous round of macroeconomic regulation, although the market itself is very forgetful. From the round of macroeconomic regulation that began in September 2007, the country has found the best adjustment method, which is to control it through monetary policy. Wang Shi believes that the impact of that round of regulation on the real estate market was significant. 'Not being greedy' is crucial in the real estate industry. Wang Shi is someone who will never be blindly optimistic, even in the current situation where the real estate market is booming. From this perspective, he is a 'minority'.   During the transition between autumn and winter that year, Wang Shi put forward the "turning point theory", which caused a huge uproar in the market. It has only been a year since the last downturn in the real estate market, but now it seems that many developers have long forgotten the financial difficulties they faced at that time. But Wang Shi is not forgetful. He admitted to CBN reporters yesterday that the difficult market situation last year had a significant impact on Vanke. Looking back, it's hard to imagine how rapidly expanding real estate companies would have responded to the financial crisis that followed without the macroeconomic regulation of that time. International experience has proven that market downturns are usually driven by five major factors: economic recession, weakened dividends, end of currency appreciation, monetary tightening, and policies that force increased supply. "This is summarized by Wang Shi in" The Wandering Soul ". So, how does Vanke view the current market?   From January to July, Vanke A's cumulative sales area was 4.071 million square meters, with a sales revenue of 35.87 billion yuan, an increase of 34.9% and 31.7% year-on-year, respectively. Although Vanke has become the first real estate company in China to achieve a sales revenue of over 30 billion yuan in half a year, Wang Shi still stated yesterday that "scale is the result, not the goal." Wang Shi believes that if scale is taken as the "goal," then the company's operations will "inevitably deform, and deformation can easily lead to problems. Scale has been placed at the top of the agenda by many real estate developers. Taking advantage of the market recovery, they do not hide their covetousness for annual sales of "billions", "50 billion", and even "billions".   He also summarized in "The Wandering Soul" that behind Vanke's super fast growth is a super fast growing market. In the past 10 years, the average annual growth rate of China's GDP has exceeded 9%; The average annual growth rate of sales area in the Chinese residential market is about 20%, the average annual growth rate of residential prices is about 6%, and the average annual growth rate of sales revenue in the residential market is about 27%. But can the real estate industry really continue to achieve extraordinary development? Wang Shi does not believe that this industry can break away from the laws of the overall economy. In 2004, Vanke's sales revenue was 9.16 billion yuan; In 2005, 13.95 billion yuan; In 2006, 21.23 billion yuan; In 2007, it was 52.36 billion yuan. Wang Shi still talks about these numbers to this day. If developed according to the "Fibonacci sequence" (where the sum of two adjacent data points is equal to the latter), Vanke's net profit in 2007 should be around 3.4 billion yuan. However, in the context of overheated market, Vanke's net profit reached 4.84 billion yuan in 2007, an increase of 110.8% over the previous year. As Vanke was about to soar again, the Fibonacci sequence came into play again - net profit dropped to 4.033 billion yuan in 2008. If we add the portion that exceeded the Fibonacci sequence in 2007 (4.84 billion -3.4 billion=1.44 billion) to the net profit in 2008, it exactly follows the trajectory of the Fibonacci sequence: 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55... It has been proven that this mathematical curse, which was cast over 800 years ago, has not failed. Wang Shi said, "Once overheated or overspeed, it will slow down in the coming years and return to its rightful trajectory." The lessons learned from that year are still valid today. If Vanke continues to grow at a rate of 110.8% in 2007 in the coming years, what will happen? Wang Shi believes that 'impossible' - this speed is absolutely impossible to sustain. His reason is that the industry is still in the stage of extensive operation, and bottlenecks exist in four aspects: product quality, production efficiency, environmental protection and energy conservation, and extensive management. In 1996, Vanke targeted a real estate listed company with a profit of 500 million yuan, far higher than Vanke. However, in 1997, the company's profit sharply declined to 2 million yuan and lost 1 billion yuan in 2008, "said Wang Shi. From this perspective," scaling up "may not necessarily create a successful and sustainable enterprise. After macroeconomic regulation, the real estate market has been adjusted and developed healthily. The country has identified the residential industry as a new economic growth point, which is undoubtedly good news for the industry. However, the immaturity of developers is the biggest problem. The market is developing too fast, but the industry itself is not mature, and coupled with a lack of information communication, many developers are still following the old path. "This is the lesson summarized by Wang Shi in 1997, that" having money in hand and making decisions with a hot head often leads to disastrous outcomes. He said that the lessons learned back then are still intriguing today. I want to comment
Jintai City Liwan One bedroom with a total price of 900000 yuan, 98% off (picture) 10. Jintai City Liwan, (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) One bedroom with a total price starting from 900000 yuan, full price, 98% off, Jintai City Liwan Building 11 opened for sale on April 26, 2009. Building 11 is a 21 story tower slab combination building with 4-6 households and 2 staircases. The unit sizes are approximately 60 square meters for one bedroom, 115 square meters for two bedroom duplex, and 139 square meters for three bedroom north-south transparent apartments. The average price ranges from 16000 to 18000 yuan per square meter, with a total price of around 900000 yuan for one bedroom, 2 million yuan for two bedroom, and 2.3 million yuan for three bedroom apartments. The current apartment was occupied on June 30, 2009. A one-time payment is discounted by 98%. The double surprise special offer for the opening of Building 11 is currently underway! Surprise 1: VIP customers receive great value rewards, with a deposit of 30000 yuan offset against 50000 yuan for the house. Surprise 2: Every time an old homeowner introduces a new customer to purchase a property in Building 11 of Jintai City Liwan and completes a transaction, they can enjoy a one-year property fee reduction for their already purchased property, which can be accumulated. Jintai City Liwan Phase 3 consists of buildings 10, 11, and 18. Building 10 of Phase 3 is expected to open in mid to late May 2009. Building 10 is a 21 story tower slab combined building with 4-6 units and 2 staircases. The unit sizes are approximately 60 square meters for one bedroom, 115 square meters for two bedroom duplex apartments, and 139 square meters for three bedroom apartments with north-south transparency. The average price is yet to be determined. Please stay tuned.   The overall planning of Jintai City Liwan abandons traditional pure board and pure tower buildings, and combines the advantages of both to design point style buildings, ensuring the transparency of the community as a whole, making the environmental space more layered and deep, allowing residents to see different courtyards from different angles, increasing the fun of the space, and fully increasing the lighting surface of each unit, as well as the openness of the interior of individual units. The above information is for reference only, and the final content announced by the developer shall prevail. Click to view more discounted real estate information. I would like to leave a comment
Following the "Warm Spring Art Season" in March and the "Sunshine Art Season" in April, Longfor Huasheng Xiangti (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) will showcase its culinary arts during the May Day holiday. The atmosphere of the "Eastern Chief Salon Community" has been fermenting and heating up among the owners of Huasheng Xiangti, and the friendly community atmosphere has become one of the symbols of Longhu Huasheng Xiangti. The leisurely and relaxing May Day holiday is coming with the tail of spring. On the occasion of the temporary departure of Huasheng Xiangti Park, let us share the last moments of Huasheng's delicious food, and welcome the next blooming of Huasheng in the laughter of beer and steak! Pan fried small steak, sparkling French dessert in the camphor tree, radiating magic under the paulownia tree, fragrant flowers, and delicious food carnival night. Hand over a fragrant pass to delicious food and join the dance steps of beer and samba for a dreamy taste buds carnival! Food Map [1st stop] Food DIY, personally decorate a future, fry a steak for dad, and make a chocolate for mom; If the steak is spoiled, you can come back again. Happy childhood never fails. The Food Carnival features exciting activities such as chocolate DIY, fruit smoothie DIY, marshmallow DIY, and steak DIY, bringing global cuisine to your doorstep and challenging your eager taste buds; Let the possibility of delicious N+1 melt in your and your family's hearts! 【 2nd stop 】 The Beer Competition, crowned with the title of the God of Wine, originated from the grand wedding of Prince Ludwig and Princess Hill, and the Beer Festival has been passed down to this day. The Huasheng Xiangti Beer Competition provides you with unlimited drinking opportunities, making German imported beer a catalyst for friendship promotion. You can also try your hand and challenge the crown of the king of Huasheng Beer, immersing yourself not only in the fragrance of flowers, but also in a smile filled with wheat aroma! [3rd stop] Barbecue dinner, there is a kind of joy called BBQ, a kind of happiness comes from delicious food, and a kind of joy called BBQ.   Huasheng Xiangti uses 143000 square meters of floral fragrance to completely restore the beauty of Tuscany. May you feel the true taste of happiness in the overwhelming aroma! 【 4th stop 】 Song and dance carnival, I have a date with candlelight. As barbecue and beer reach their climax, we need a song and dance carnival to express our inner turmoil. As the finale of the food carnival, Huasheng Xiangti specially invited a well-known band to come and cheer on the scene. Amidst the enchanting singing, candlelight, and fresh beer, let's gather in a circle of love, follow the rhythm of Kangkang dance, and step towards the indescribable Huasheng time together! I want to comment
The new building of Park 2008 opened on April 25th with a total price starting from 750000 yuan (picture). Sina Real Estate News (editor, Yanyang) Park 2008, Building 105, Block A (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search), opened for sale on April 25th, 2009. Block A is a 25 story tower with 3 staircases and 9 households, with unit sizes ranging from 65 and 66 square meters for one bedroom to 150 square meters for three bedrooms, with an average price of 10200 yuan/square meter and a total price starting from 750000 yuan/unit. It was moved in in January 2010. Unit BC of Building 105 began numbering on March 21, 2009 and went on sale on April 18, 2009. Block B is a 20 story board building with 2 staircases and 5 households, while Block C is a 25 story tower with 3 staircases and 9 households. The unit area ranges from 65 square meters to 148 square meters, with an average price of 9800 yuan/square meter and a starting price of 630000 yuan/unit. The unit was moved in in January 2010. This opening offers a one-time payment discount of 100 yuan per square meter for customers' in set prices. Park 2008 is located within Beiyuan Jiayuan, one of the largest residential areas in Beijing. The entire community consists of over 80 high-rise buildings, divided into 7 residential areas. The second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, and central areas have been developed and sold, while the first area, Park 2008, with a total area of 400000 square meters, is currently in high demand. The above information is for reference only, and the final content announced by the developer shall prevail. Click to view more discounted real estate information
The average price of small-sized apartments in Zhonghai Ziyu Mansion is 17500 yuan, with a full payment of 98% off (picture). Zhonghai Ziyu Mansion is located on the east side of Taoranting Bridge in Chongwen District. A complete three-dimensional transportation network has been established around the project, with east-west main roads including Second Ring Road, Liangguang Road, north-south central axis road, Majiabao West Road, and You'anmen Street; There are four subway lines, namely Line 4, Line 8, and Line 14. Line 4 is located within Beijing South Station, only 1.5 kilometers away from this project. The planned Line 8 "Yongwai Street Station" has a subway station 150 meters east of the project, while Line 14 "Majiabao East Road Station" has a subway station 50 meters away from the west gate of the project. The Zhonghai Ziyu Mansion is located adjacent to the South Second Ring Road, covering a total area of 110000 square meters. The property includes residential, commercial, and high-end office buildings, with a total construction area of nearly 400000 square meters. More than 30 shopping malls, over 50 catering and entertainment venues, 35 scientific research and education institutions, and nearly 20 large hospitals and specialized clinics in the surrounding area provide sufficient living security for the community. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. Click to view more property opening information. I want to leave a comment
Park 2008: The average price for current houses in the community is 9500 yuan (as shown in the picture). The fourth stop for travel is Park 2008 (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search). The current price is 7300 yuan, with an average price of 9500 yuan. 106A and B buildings are priced at 9500 yuan. Travel route: Get off at Lishuiqiao South Station on Metro Line 5 and walk along Beiyuan Road to the east side of the south road to see the Beiyuan Jiayuan archway. Then go east to the first intersection and head north to see the sales office and community of Park 2008. Latest news: Park 2008 is currently for sale in Building 105, Block A. The entire community is basically a ready to use housing area, among which Building 105, Block A, is a 25 story tower with 3 staircases and 9 households. The unit size ranges from 65 to 66 square meters for one bedroom to 150 square meters for three bedroom, with an average price of 10200 yuan/square meter and a starting price of 750000 yuan/unit. It was moved in in January 2010. The above information is for reference only. The final decision will be based on the developer's announcement. I would like to make a comment
Recovery or adjustment, will the real estate market continue to recover or move towards adjustment in the second half of the year? Yesterday, at the 2009 Boao Real Estate Forum co hosted by Viewpoint Real Estate New Media and Daily Economic News, real estate experts and developers freely expressed their views on the direction of the real estate market and the recovery of the real estate industry in the second half of the year. Zhu Zhongyi: Real estate buyers once again looked at Zhu Zhongyi, vice president and secretary-general of the China Real Estate Association, and said that we should prevent the generation and accumulation of urban foam, where housing prices and land prices rise too fast, or it will have a negative impact on the further release of demand and the stability of the real estate market and financial market. At the same time, Zhu Zhongyi stated that in some cities where housing prices have risen too quickly, many ordinary commodity housing buyers who mainly focus on self occupation and improvement needs have fallen back into a wait-and-see attitude. Zhu Zhongyi said that in July, some cities experienced varying degrees of decline in transaction volume, while others had a positive inhibitory effect on investment demand after tightening their policies on second home mortgages. However, people still have a strong expectation for the preservation and appreciation of real estate, but it remains to be seen whether this demand can continue to be sustainable after the current rise in real estate prices. Pan Shiyi: Shenzhen will be the next target in the real estate industry, and Pan Shiyi, the chairman of SOHO China (Enterprise Zone, its properties), can be considered the most eye-catching one. During an hour long interview with the Daily Economic News, several fans in the industry came to ask Pan Shiyi for autographs and photos. Pan Shiyi said that the real estate industry has grown through a market economy. If we use flowers and plants as a metaphor, real estate companies do not grow up in gardens, but in the wild, on mountain slopes. According to Ren Zhiqiang, the real estate industry can shine brightly with a little sunshine.   When the real estate market was booming, SOHO China chose to sell. When talking about the trend of the real estate market in the second half of the year, Pan Shiyi admitted that he couldn't see it clearly. He stated that in the past, the trend of the real estate market could be inferred by studying the market, but now, policy factors have a relatively greater impact on the real estate market. The reason why China's real estate market experienced a small rebound in the first half of the year is closely related to the loose monetary policy. The auction of the land at No. 15 Guangqu Road failed, causing the phrase "central enterprises are frightening" spoken by Pan Shiyi, the CEO of SOHO China, to spread throughout the country. At yesterday's forum, Pan Shiyi not only clarified misunderstandings, but also called for China's real estate policy to treat private and state-owned enterprises equally. Pan Shiyi believes that what should truly be taken care of are small and medium-sized enterprises, not state-owned large enterprises. Because large enterprises have strong funds, brands, and competitiveness, if only large enterprises are allowed to develop, small enterprises will lose development opportunities. If there is only one large enterprise, the industry will become a monopoly industry, which is detrimental to the true market economy. At the same time, Pan Shiyi also agrees with the view of former chairman of Henderson Land, Chen Qizong, that developers who blindly expand should be punished.   At that time, he felt that the above policies were somewhat unfair to him. Others owe land transfer fees, but we don't. They can be exempted from paying, but we cannot. "Pan Shiyi believes that the current real estate market is already very hot, and at this time, we should be" prepared for danger ". If the market is too hot, it may sacrifice the entire industry.   Suddenly, so much capital flowed into the market, solving funding issues such as transaction volume and developers. He believes that for most mainland developers, it is actually an opportunity for rebirth. The question is: if there is a chance to be reborn, can we learn from it and do better in the future. I believe most developers have seized the opportunity. When talking about the follow-up trend of the real estate market, Shi Yongqing said that in the second half of the year, there will not be a significant change in the real estate policy, and even if the political strategy is tightened, it will not be too tight. However, due to the abnormal surge in the real estate market in the first half of the year, which has already been overdrawn, there may be a slight decline in transaction volume, but prices will still remain high. Huang Nubo: There will be a major adjustment in the real estate industry within the next three years. "In the second half of the year, the real estate market in some regions may experience a trend of volume decline and price increase," said Huang Nubo, Chairman of Beijing Zhongkun Investment Group, in an interview with the Daily Economic News. He believes that due to the reduction of operating volume by many companies last year, the inventory levels of many companies have significantly decreased after the rapid digestion in the first half of this year. That is to say, in some regions, the supply of the real estate market is still relatively insufficient, so there is still upward pressure on housing prices in some areas. When talking about the trend of real estate policies in the second half of the year, Huang Nubo said that the possibility of a significant adjustment in real estate policies is unlikely in the context of the global financial crisis. For some areas where housing prices have risen too quickly, there may be local adjustments. But he also pointed out that due to some companies' irrational performance in the land market, the real estate industry will undergo a major adjustment within three years. Huang Nubo said that if state-owned enterprises only turn randomly taken funds into their property and expand their scale, there will be some adverse effects: firstly, if they are not timely pushed into the market, a large amount of effective ownership will occur; Secondly, if the cost control of product quality is not good. It is also a threat to society; Thirdly, if high priced houses are launched, it will force housing prices to rise. Based on this judgment, I believe that there will be a major adjustment in the real estate industry within 3 years. Because bad kids have returned, they used to be private enterprises, but now they are state-owned enterprises
Hongyang Building Junguan opened, selling 100 million yuan on the first day. Yesterday, the Red Sun Sales Center located at 69 Daqiao North Road in Nanjing was crowded with people. The Hongyang Building Junguan, which opened on the same day, achieved a good start. Due to its high-end product quality, exquisite layout, and low total price, it attracted a group of visitors, and the sales volume exceeded 100 million yuan on that day. Hongyang Building Junguan is located on the west side of Daqiao North Road in Pukou District, Nanjing, adjacent to the completed Xuri Huating Golden Palm Park. The total land area is over 60000 square meters, including a comprehensive building including hotel apartments, commercial and office buildings, a hotel style apartment, 80000 square meters of residential buildings, and 15000 square meters of commercial buildings. Hongyang Building, as a comprehensive building in this plot of land, has a main building height of 99.65 meters and a total of 28 floors. It is a multifunctional commercial and residential building that integrates office, commercial, catering, and apartment functions. The Hongyang Building Junguan, launched this time, is a hotel style apartment located on floors 5-22 of Hongyang Building. The main unit types are 41-75 square meters of commercial and residential pioneer small units. Due to its location in the core of Qiaobei New City, only one bridge away from the city center, the planned subway and cross river tunnel are within easy reach, with mature supporting resource advantages. Public transportation is also very convenient, with multiple bus routes such as 131, 132, Guzhen, Guyang, Hanjiang, Zhongliu, and Hanliu providing direct access to the project. In addition to being located in the core area of Qiaobei and providing traditional living facilities, Hongyang Building Junguan also has the perfect commercial facilities of East China MALL, which is also under the Hongyang Group. I want to comment
On the afternoon when Song Weiping won the championship over Vanke Beijing Guoan in 3-5 years, the figure of Song Weiping, the president of Greentown Group (enterprise zone, under its properties) (3900. HK), was drowned out in the cheers of nearly 60000 fans at the Workers' Stadium. After the game, the Hangzhou Greentown team, which Song Weiping painstakingly managed, faced the fate of relegation. Vice Chairman and Executive General Manager of Greentown Group, Luo Zhaoming, was also present at the scene. At that time, there were more than 200 Greentown fans on site, and we thought it was worth it to exchange the loss of over 200 for the celebration of 60000 people. "After the Greentown Group's autumn symposium, Luo Zhaoming joked about the scene of Guoan winning the championship. Luo Zhaoming mentioned the strange phenomenon of Greentown Football Team in the past few years: when the real estate performance is not good, the team's performance is good; When the real estate performance was at its best, the team fell to the bottom of the Chinese Super League. lose at sunrise and gain at sunset. On the afternoon of November 11th, Greentown announced that the sales volume of contracts and agreements for the first ten months had reached 42.54 billion yuan. Song Weiping, who was disappointed on the court, boasted that he would strive to surpass China's largest real estate company, Vanke, in sales within three to five years. According to Cao Zhounan, Executive General Manager of Greentown Group, as of November 10th, the total sales amount of contracts and agreements for 59 ongoing projects in Greentown this year has reached 42.54 billion yuan, and the overall operational status of the company has maintained a stable and good development trend. Cao Zhounan announced at the meeting that in the next three years, Greentown's annual sales scale will increase by at least 30% on the existing basis. Among them, the total amount of sellable housing units next year will reach 78 billion yuan. Based on the current construction speed, the total amount of available housing for sale in 2012 may reach 140 billion yuan. Data shows that from January to October 2009, Greentown had a total of 82 projects under construction or to be built, with a planned total land reserve of 30.21 million square meters, including 19.73 million square meters of self owned equity. Greentown aims to actively expand into the Yangtze River Delta region centered around Shanghai and the Bohai Rim region centered around Beijing, ensuring sustainable development in the already entered areas, and intends to extend its reach into the Northeast market by developing projects in Dalian, Shenyang, and other places. Luo Zhaoming also introduced that the organizing committee of the 12th National Games has extended an "olive branch" to Greentown, intending to invite Greentown to build a national sports village in the local area. And Song Weiping's bold words of surpassing Vanke surprised those present. Song Weiping said, "In the next 3 to 5 years, Greentown's goal is to become the top two real estate companies in China in terms of sales revenue, especially the first place. At that time, Greentown will compete for the sales champion of national real estate companies at the level of 80 billion to 100 billion yuan in sales revenue." To achieve this goal, land acquisition will be the norm in the future. Song Weiping emphasized the need to rapidly expand market share.   Currently, Greentown has two projects under construction in Beijing. Among them, Beijing Yuyuan's sales reached 1.79 billion yuan, ranking fourth in the group.   Luo Zhaoming said, "Don't worry at all, the market share of Huabei District will account for one-third of the group in the next few years." In the future, Greentown will obtain more land resources through cooperation between large central and state-owned enterprises, and negotiations are currently underway. Will the large-scale expansion of Greentown face greater risks in order to surpass Vanke on the road to the "champion"? Song Weiping expressed a relatively optimistic attitude. At the lowest point of the market downturn, the sales turnover rate of Greentown still exceeded 60%. Song Weiping pointed out that the market will not be worse in the next three years than in 2008. By achieving a minimum sales turnover rate of 30% next year, we can ensure the financial security of Greentown. To ensure sufficient funds for land acquisition and project development, Greentown is implementing a more rigorous financial plan than last year. The company's Chief Financial Officer, Lin Zhan, stated that Greentown China is making every effort to strengthen financial control, increase operating cash flow, strictly control costs, shorten development cycles, and advance sales time. Song Weiping stated that Greentown will not hoard land, and the principle is to start construction three months after acquiring the land and open for sale nine months, implementing a rapid development strategy. Meanwhile, Greentown has strengthened its equity cooperation with financial institutions and other real estate companies.   Greentown once completed a construction project of over 2 million square meters, with a construction fee of only 3%. Song Weiping specifically pointed out that this is a business that does not increase investment and debt, but only carries out management output and brand output. Greentown is willing to take on more social responsibility. In the future, we will expand our construction agency business and even do it with zero profit. Whether it is the government proposing to build resettlement housing on behalf of others or cooperative enterprises requesting Green City to build on their behalf. He admitted that the commercial purpose of the proxy construction is that "the children of the owners have been accustomed to living in houses in Greentown since childhood, so they are not very suitable for living in houses built by other developers. They will continue to choose Greentown's houses instead of Vanke." Song Weiping believes that the high brand loyalty of Greentown owners will lay a foundation for Greentown's new customers in the next 10-20 years. I want to comment
Zhongguancun SOHO sold 635 million yuan on the opening day. Can Pan Shiyi replicate this success? Pan Shiyi's powerful sales team in Zhongguancun SOHO (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) achieved over 600 million yuan in sales on the first day of opening. However, for this project with a sales target of 1 billion yuan, a bigger battle has begun: to what extent can Pan Shiyi replicate his success after leaving the Beijing CBD lair? Obviously, this is precisely why SOHO China (Enterprise Zone, its properties) attaches great importance to the sales of Zhongguancun SOHO. Pan Shiyi said that Zhongguancun SOHO is relatively small in scale and will quickly make a decision in sales.   Pan Shiyi believes that he has won the first battle after leaving the CBD. According to the latest data analysis obtained by this newspaper, 42% of customers come from Beijing, 28% from Shanxi, 25% from Shaanxi, 2% from Hebei, and 3% from Liaoning and Inner Mongolia. The distribution of this customer has formed a huge difference from SOHO China's previous project sales customer base, with the proportion of Shanxi and Shaanxi customers in the latter being more than 80%. The performance of Zhongguancun SOHO is impressive. According to public information, a total of RMB 635 million was signed on the opening day, with an average sales price of 33000 yuan/square meter for office buildings and 90000 yuan/square meter for commercial first floors. This is another shocking sales figure after the 2008 Sanlitun SOHO (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) went against the market and sold for 8 billion yuan. According to statistics from multiple commercial real estate agents in the same region, Zhongguancun SOHO has raised the price level of the second-hand office market in the area. For a long time, people have maintained a strong interest in Pan Shiyi's sales myth because he is better than anyone else at making the same customer buy his project for the second or even third time. Since the establishment of SOHO China, most of its investment clients have come from energy merchants and other wealthy groups in neighboring regions such as Hebei, Shaanxi, Shanxi, and Inner Mongolia. However, people highly question the same proposition - how far can this high dependence on old customers go? Is Pan Shiyi walking on a tightrope? Now, doubts are gradually dissipating. Leaving CBD is not only an instinctive requirement for SOHO China to hold 10 billion yuan in cash and 10 billion yuan in credit, but also largely a last resort. Our reporter learned that Pan Shiyi once stated in an internal meeting that the third phase of Guomao marks an oversupply of commercial supply in the CBD area, and in the future, the company's product positioning will continue to be based on the local economy. "Office buildings and commercial products targeting Fortune 500 companies will face heavy blows," Pan Shiyi said. Pan's above judgment also applies to the Shanghai market.     According to Mr. Pan's market judgment, it is definitely necessary to cut the other party's asking price in half before negotiating, "the person said. According to public information, Donghai Square is located in the core area of Shanghai's CBD, with three phases and a total construction area of 131465 square meters. The first phase is a 52 story A-level intelligent office building, the second phase is to build 138 hotel apartments, and the third phase is a shopping mall. At present, the project is held by Da Mo. Click to access more content in this magazine: (China Real Estate News) I want to comment
Small sized Longde Zijin launched policy subsidized housing on April 11th (pictured) Sina Real Estate News, (editor, Gu Liang), Longde Zijin, (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) policy subsidized housing will be launched on April 11th, and a policy briefing will be held on the same day. The current price is 9900 yuan/square meter, and about 150 small units will be launched. The policy subsidy plan is to provide a monthly subsidy of nearly 1000 yuan for office enterprises after purchase. Longde Zijin, (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) is a furnished low price apartment located north of Lishuiqiao, next to Metro Line 5 and Metro Line 13. It was opened for the third time on September 28, 2008, with a main layout of 40-60 square meters and a property fee of 1.98 yuan/square meter/month. It was moved in at the end of 2008. The total construction area of the project is 100000 square meters, with 12 above ground floors and 3 underground floors. The underground three floors are used as a rental garage, the first and second floors are ground level commercial buildings, and the third to twelfth floors are a total of 940 apartments. The surrounding transportation is convenient, with subway lines 5, 13, buses 517, 430, 803, 849, 751, 358, 984, 858, 417, 464, 966, 852, 465, 758, 432, 836, 851, 643, 853, and 985. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. Sina Real Estate News, (Editor, Gu Liang), Longde Zijin, (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) policy subsidized housing will open on April 11th, and a policy briefing will be held on the same day. The current price is 9900 yuan/square meter, and about 150 small units will be launched. The policy subsidy plan is to provide a monthly subsidy of nearly 1000 yuan for office enterprises after purchase. Longde Zijin, (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) is a furnished low price apartment located north of Lishuiqiao, next to Metro Line 5 and Metro Line 13. It was opened for the third time on September 28, 2008, with a main layout of 40-60 square meters and a property fee of 1.98 yuan/square meter/month. It was moved in at the end of 2008. The total construction area of the project is 100000 square meters, with 12 above ground floors and 3 underground floors. The underground three floors are used as a rental garage, the first and second floors are ground level commercial buildings, and the third to twelfth floors are a total of 940 apartments. The surrounding transportation is convenient, with subway lines 5, 13, buses 517, 430, 803, 849, 751, 358, 984, 858, 417, 464, 966, 852, 465, 758, 432, 836, 851, 643, 853, and 985. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement.
After a hot sale, a new miracle was created with the opening sales of the New Tianji May Day new product reaching 100 million. Those who are slightly concerned about the real estate market will not forget the sales miracle on Chaoyang North Road on April 18th - the New Tianji Golf Garden, which sold 250 million! And just one week later, in the 5.1 season, the new products were launched again, creating another 100 million! On that day, the sales office was crowded with people and very hot. The rush to buy houses has reached its peak with the addition of new customers who were not able to secure a house in the previous round. It is understood that it was precisely due to the hot selling situation of the previous opening of New Horizon that the products launched at that time were sold out, which led to the launch of the 170 square meter three bedroom apartment for the market. When asked about the reasons for the hot sales of the new Tianji, the salesperson said that the unit price of a 170 square meter three bedroom apartment was 13500 yuan last year and 9500 yuan this year, which means the total price has dropped by 680000 yuan. The allure of such a huge decline for homebuyers can be imagined. At the same time, the quality of the new Tianji products has been significantly improved, and the strong value of the "East District Replacement Price King" has naturally been popular in the market. It is reported that Xintianli is a top-level product of the famous overseas living community Wanxiang Xintian (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search), adjacent to the golf emperor ARNOLD and PALMER's "mountain harvesting masterpiece" Diequan Golf Course, with extremely rare green landscape and experience. In addition, the project also boasts a 1.4-liter ultra-low density, Chaoyang North Road Subway Line 6, unique landscape canyon, 6500 square meter Aoli Club, Liu Shikun Kindergarten, 170 square meter/10 meter panoramic three bedroom current house, and many other high-quality properties. With a price of 9500 yuan/square meter, it can be said to be a leader in the same area. In a subsequent interview, the project leader stated about the development concept of New Horizon, 'To truly upgrade and replace the demand group, and provide ultra-high cost performance real estate opportunities.'. Indeed, while continuously improving product quality, providing ultra-high cost-effectiveness through more reasonable prices will be widely welcomed by home buyers. In the future, let's wait and see what surprises New Horizon will bring to the market. I want to comment
In his early career, he participated in offshore oil exploration in China and gold mining in Africa.   He is also the exclusive distributor of Cuban cigar Cohiba in Canada, Asia, and Australia. In addition, he has been serving as a director and advisor for international companies such as Blackstone, Tommy, Hilfiger, and the Savoy Hotel Group. At present, he has participated in the design of all China Club and Shanghai Beach brand stores, as well as cigar houses. He is honored to be involved in the design and decoration of Pangu Apartment and Sky Courtyard. The picture shows the designer Sir David Tang, who is passionate about design and takes an extremely cautious approach to establishing details for every enterprise he participates in. Whether it is the building itself or the last screw, he always pays meticulous attention to every detail. The picture shows an Italian modern style model room. The picture shows a British royal style model room. Ricardo, Bello, Dias Ricardo, Bello, Dias were born in 1967 and graduated from UFPE with a major in architecture. They also studied in London and Milan; Since 1998, Riccardo and Cosmit have collaborated on the first edition of "Satelite, Salon"; One of his works is' Codice, 31 '. The picture shows designers Ricardo, Bello, and Dias. I would like to comment on it
Pan Shiyi: Central enterprises frequently take the land king, which is bound to boost house prices. On the 24th, Pan Shiyi (Pan Shiyi's blog), a real estate magnate, came to Shanghai to participate in the Jing'an District Commercial Real Estate Summit Forum. In an exclusive interview with Xinmin.com, he frankly said that central enterprises frequently take the land king, which is bound to boost house prices, and should be alert to a new round of foam in the real estate market.       In the interview, Pan Shiyi was still angry about the battle for the king of the field. "Of the 11 enterprises that participated in the bidding at that time, only one of us was an enterprise without state-owned capital background. Pan Shiyi cautiously stated in an interview with the media that the strong financial foundation of state-owned enterprises is a prerequisite for them to obtain the land king, which is understandable. Some people say that the acquisition of land by central enterprises is detrimental to the development of the market economy for many years and squeezes private enterprises. However, I believe that this is also the particularity of the special timing of the financial crisis. The government cannot rescue the market and hand over money to private enterprises like me, right? "Said Pan Shiyi. Worried that Diwang is bound to boost house prices, the real estate foam should pay attention to at the same time, Pan Shiyi also frankly said that Diwang's frequency will boost house prices, "this is an indisputable fact, is the real reaction of the market, and the house prices within two kilometers around Diwang will rise in the first time". "It is said that there are 13 real estate projects in Shanghai with a unit price of more than 100000 yuan. At this time, we should be especially alert to foam. Real estate is an industry prone to foam. 100000 yuan, foam should not be underestimated," said Pan Shiyi. (Xinmin.com reporters, Wang Xiaoqing, Jiang Yan), I want to comment
According to data monitored by multiple research institutions, on November 3rd, Tangchen Yipin sold a 28th floor property with an area of 597 square meters for a staggering price of 96.09 million yuan, or 160800 yuan per square meter. This broke the previous record of 142000 yuan per square meter held by Tangchen Yipin two years ago and also set a new record for the highest residential unit price in Shanghai's history. Luxury homes selling well have become a hot spot in the real estate market. According to Cushman&Wakefield's tracking study of the top ten hot selling properties in four first tier sample cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen and Guangzhou from January to August, since June, the proportion of high-end and luxury residential products in the transaction structure of commercial residential buildings in four major cities (calculated by the number of units sold) has risen from 37% from January to May to 49% in the last three months. Cushman&Wakefield pointed out that the substitution effect of high-end and luxury residential products for ordinary residential buildings is also one of the main reasons for the recent high house prices. The data from Beijing, Shanghai, and Shenzhen, three first tier real estate cities, can confirm that the luxury housing market is booming. Taking Shenzhen as an example, among the top 10 real estate projects in terms of transaction volume in September, 8 were luxury projects, resulting in a doubling of the average price of new houses in Shenzhen in September compared to the beginning of the year. Shanghai is no exception. According to statistics, in October, the transaction area of luxury homes in Shanghai was 64000 square meters, an increase of 4.9% compared to September; The average transaction price was 63477 yuan/square meter, an increase of 2.4% compared to September. According to the data provided by Zhongyuan Real Estate on the monthly transaction proportion of luxury homes in Beijing in 2009, after the Spring Festival this year, the proportion of luxury homes mainly consisting of high-end apartments and villas increased month by month. In March, the proportion was 9.4%, in August it rose to 20.6%, and in September it further climbed to 25.7%. The main buyers of luxury homes are investors. The proportion of investors in the Shenzhen real estate market is close to 50%, and the proportion of investors in the luxury housing market is even higher, with some properties even exceeding 80%. Luxury homes are the digesters of wealth.   The role of real estate in driving 60 industries goes without saying, and the monetary regulator function of real estate should not be ignored. The funds from high land prices and high housing prices flow to three places: first, to local governments, which just makes up for the difficulties of insufficient taxes and fees this year and the inability to meet the needs of large-scale project construction. According to data from Zhongyuan Real Estate Research Center, the land transfer fee income in key cities in the first three quarters has exceeded the annual level of 2007. In October, a total of 337 residential land plots were sold in 60 cities across the country, with 29 plots having a premium level exceeding 100%. Shanghai had the highest premium level, reaching 160%. The second is to flow into the hands of developers, just in time for the lack of funds after the developers acquired the land. On November 10th, the National Bureau of Statistics released the "Operation of the National Real Estate Market from January to October", which showed that from January to October, the funding source of real estate development enterprises this year was 4403.4 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase of 43.4%. Among them, domestic loans amounted to 911.9 billion yuan, an increase of 53.0%; Enterprise self raised funds amounted to 1432 billion yuan, an increase of 16.7%; Other funds amounted to 2021.8 billion yuan, an increase of 69.5%. Among other funds, deposits and prepayments amounted to 1175.5 billion yuan, an increase of 59.2%. Thirdly, it flows to investors who cash in in the short term. There are many people who hold properties and sell them at a high price to cash out. Some people worry that the huge real estate foam will lead to economic turbulence, but this has little impact on Chinese society, because financial leverage is used less. After the hibernation of rigid demand, the huge real estate foam was mainly undertaken by luxury house investors, with higher down payment ratio and lower leverage. Compared to the stock market that countless investors are concerned about, the regulation of the real estate market is easier.     If personal mortgages are sold to investors under the guise of asset securitization, banks can truly reap huge profits and risk all to others.   Even better, such wealth conversion is very legal and can also gain public support, with developers and luxury home investors receiving no tears. I want to comment
Zhu Zhongyi, Vice President of the China Real Estate Association: The pressure of rising housing prices in some cities. Wang and Wei, reporters from this newspaper, said that the foundation for the recovery of the real estate market is not yet stable, and the supply is clearly insufficient. The pressure of rising housing prices in some cities is still significant. Reporter: In July, housing prices in 70 large and medium-sized cities increased by 1.0% year-on-year and 0.9% month on month. The month on month increase has continued for five consecutive months, with the growth rate expanding continuously. The year-on-year increase has reached its largest level in nearly 20 months, indicating that the trend of rising housing prices seems to have been established. However, there were significant fluctuations in the transaction volume of the real estate market in July compared to the previous month. How do you judge the trend of the real estate market in the second half of the year, as both homebuyers and industry insiders are concerned about it? Zhu Zhongyi: Currently, China's economic development is in a critical period of stabilization and recovery. According to relevant data from January to July, the real estate industry has exceeded expectations and is leading other industries in rebounding. The sales area of commercial housing increased by 37.1% year-on-year, and the sales area of commercial residential housing increased by 38.8% year-on-year. The steady recovery and stabilization of housing prices is also an important manifestation of market recovery. With the continuous improvement of the economic environment, the national real estate market is still expected to steadily recover. What people are concerned about and worried about now is mainly the significant increase in housing and land prices in a few cities since late April, accompanied by investment and improvement demands entering the market. Judging the market and housing price trends in these cities in the second half of the year mainly depends on both supply and demand. From the perspective of demand, it remains to be seen whether all the current demand that stimulates market price increases is sustainable. In cities where housing prices have risen too quickly, many ordinary homebuyers who prioritize autonomy and improvement have fallen back into a wait-and-see attitude. In July, some cities experienced varying degrees of decline in transaction volume. Some cities have tightened their policies on second home loans, which have had a positive inhibitory effect on investment demand and rising housing prices. But in these cities, people still have strong expectations for property preservation and appreciation, and potential demand still exists. The situation on the supply side is not optimistic. Since the beginning of this year, the sales area of commercial housing has increased significantly, but the investment in real estate development from January to July has only increased by 11.6% year-on-year, while the investment in residential development has increased by 8.2% year-on-year. The land purchase area, completed land development area, and newly started housing area have decreased by 25.8%, 13.4%, and 9.1% respectively year-on-year. The decline of these leading indicators will have a significant impact on the next supply of the real estate market.   According to monitoring by relevant institutions on several cities such as Shanghai, Hangzhou, and Shenzhen, based on the average sales rate over the past six months, the available sales area in Shanghai and Hangzhou can only provide sales for the next 2-4 months, while Shenzhen can only provide sales for six months, indicating a significant shortage of supply. Against the backdrop of the above supply and demand situation, coupled with the fact that development enterprises have lost the pressure of price reduction and promotion after the relief of financial pressure, comprehensive analysis shows that the pressure of rising housing prices in these cities will still be relatively high in the future, but the increase will slow down, and the transaction volume may fluctuate. Objectively speaking, some cities whose house prices and land prices rise too fast must prevent the emergence and accumulation of foam. Otherwise, it will have adverse effects on the further release of demand, the stable and healthy development of the real estate market and financial market. Real estate companies should calmly assess the current situation, not push for price increases in the property market, and take practical actions to maintain the recovery of the property market.   In this situation, where do you think the policy orientation for stabilizing the market should start? Zhu Zhongyi: My basic view on the current real estate market is to maintain a recovery trend and prevent price increases from spreading. The rapid rise in housing prices and the issue of "land kings" in a few cities should not be overly exaggerated as a global problem. But its future development trend must be guarded against, and market monitoring and analysis should be strengthened. It is suggested that the leadership group of the Inter Ministerial Joint Conference on Macro Regulation of the Real Estate Market and local governments should discuss and adjust policy measures according to local conditions. In the past few years, when demand was relatively strong, government departments have been trying to solve the problems of supply-demand balance and price stability by regulating the demand side, but the results have not been ideal. It seems that achieving supply-demand balance from the stable supply side is more in line with theory and current market reality. Therefore, the first step is to stabilize the supply of land, while striving to revitalize the existing urban land, urging real estate enterprises to accelerate development and construction according to contract agreements, and increase effective market supply. In addition, it is recommended to initiate property tax pilot programs in areas with tight housing supply and large amounts of idle housing for residents, if conditions permit. From the perspective of the long-term development of the market, a national housing census should also be conducted, and five-year and annual plans for housing construction should be formulated to stabilize market expectations. The stability of credit policies is of great significance to market stability. Credit should increase reasonable support for small and medium-sized real estate enterprises and treat individual credit differently. Reporter: Supply stability depends on two gates: land and credit. Various regions have expressed their intention to increase land supply. In the next stage, what credit policies should be implemented for the real estate market to achieve the goal of "maintaining a recovery trend and preventing price increases from spreading"? Zhu Zhongyi: The rapid recovery of the real estate market is closely related to loose monetary and credit policies. From January to July, domestic loans accounted for 652.4 billion yuan in real estate development investment funds, a year-on-year increase of 42.7%; Personal mortgage loans amounted to 362.8 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase of 78.9%. With the gradual improvement of market sales, the confidence of enterprise investment has been restored. The newly started construction area and land purchase area in May showed a month on month increase, and real estate development investment increased rapidly in June and July. It can be expected that companies will continue to increase their investment efforts in the second half of this year, and the demand for funds will remain huge. However, it must be noted that the newly added loans nationwide have reached 7.73 trillion yuan. Whether credit issuance can continue to support the development of enterprises and individual housing consumption in the coming period will have a huge impact on the direction of the real estate market. The current moderately loose monetary and credit policies have provided significant support for reputable and capable development enterprises and individuals seeking housing mortgage loans, but small and medium-sized enterprises still generally report difficulties in financing. In the second half of the year, it is recommended to continue to adhere to the provisions of the "Several Opinions on Promoting the Healthy Development of the Real Estate Market" issued by the General Office of the State Council, and continue to implement stable credit policies for the real estate market to stabilize the market. In addition to continuing to support large companies with good reputation and strength, credit support is also provided to small and medium-sized enterprises whose products comply with industrial policy guidance. For personal credit, a policy of differential treatment should be implemented. Continue to provide support for the consumption of self occupied and improved housing that meets the requirements of the "Several Opinions"; The preferential policies for second home loans shall be strictly implemented by each region according to local market conditions; We do not support investment or speculative buying behavior in terms of credit. I want to comment
Ren Zhiqiang: It is difficult for the real estate industry to achieve a new round of high-speed growth in the second half of the year. Sina Real Estate News: "From the overall situation, I believe that the economy is definitely growing, but the growth situation does not mean that it has improved, and the real estate industry is no exception." At the "China Real Estate Finance Annual Conference" 2009 Regional Tour Summit held in Chengdu today, Ren Zhiqiang, Chairman of Huayuan Group (Ren Zhiqiang's blog), believes that it is difficult for the real estate industry to ensure a new round of high-speed growth in the second half of the year. Two major bottlenecks: weak investment and reduced supply. Ren Zhiqiang believes that weak investment momentum and reduced supply will become the main problems in the real estate market in the second half of the year. From an investment perspective, real estate investment increased by 11.6% in July, a slight increase of only 1.7 percentage points compared to the previous month. Among them, residential investment only increased by 0.9%, and the proportion of investment growth did not actually increase. Regarding the 4 trillion yuan investment funds that the central government will gradually allocate in the second half of the year, Ren Zhiqiang said that there will be no momentum in the future. "Residential investment only accounts for 13% of the entire investment, and this proportion is still a very low number compared to the development needs of developed countries or cities." From the perspective of development area, the month on month decrease in July was 42%, and the new construction area failed to continue to grow, indicating that the supply in the coming months will continue to decrease. Ren Zhiqiang believes that since 2008, the land supply for commercial housing has not increased. "The land for affordable housing has increased by 36%, while the proportion of commercial housing in land use has decreased by 4.5%. The house price has only increased by 1%, and the foam is nonsense. For the sensitive house price issue, Ren Zhiqiang disagrees with the conclusion that the price has increased too fast: "Compared with 2007, the price has decreased in 2008, and compared with 2008, we have only increased by 1%, which is very low.".   Ren Zhiqiang believes that the real estate market in the second half of the year will maintain the following development trends: firstly, inventory will rapidly decrease. Although housing prices in first tier cities across the country are still rising, the sales target for the whole year of last year has been achieved in the first half of the year, and inventory levels across the country will continue to decline at a relatively fast pace in the second half of the year. Secondly, the growth rate of real estate investment has declined. The shift in second-hand housing credit policies will put pressure on the demand for improved housing and investment, and non bank financing will also have a significant impact on real estate. Thirdly, land continues to constrain the supply and demand relationship. When land has an impact on investment, a decrease in supply will lead to further price increases. In the future, driving the Chinese economy will still rely on the real estate market, the real estate industry itself, and private investment, relying on urbanization and marketization. "(Zhu Lingye/article) I would like to comment
The 5th place Runze Yuexi Transparent Board Building enjoys a high greening rate (picture) NO.5. Runze Yuexi, (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) has sold 372 units, with a transaction area of 41011.61 square meters and an average transaction price of 11803.78 yuan. The picture shows the effect of the Runze Yuexi project. Runze Yuexi is on sale # 915, # 906, # 908, with L-shaped board buildings with two staircases and four households, 88 square meters for two bedrooms, comfortable north-south transparent board buildings with 88 square meters for two bedrooms, and Lanting Official Residence with three bedrooms of 160-176 square meters, a total of 186 units, 150 units for two bedrooms, and 36 units for three bedrooms Yuexi Apartment is located one kilometer north of Beiyuan Station on Light Rail Line 13, 3000 meters north of Gujiazhuang Bridge. It has its own unique ecological resources and naturally shares all the environmental resources of the villa area. Yuexi Apartment covers an area of 130000 square meters; The above ground building area is 220000 square meters, the underground building area is 150000 square meters, the plot ratio is 1.6, a new low in the region, and the green coverage rate is 50%. The per capita green lung ownership rate is 10 times higher than the Beijing average. Yuexi Apartment plans to build 29 individual residential buildings with a Mediterranean leisure style. The internal transportation system of Yuexi adopts pedestrian and vehicle separation, with all underground garages and a parking ratio of over 1:1.3. There are various types of layouts, all of which are comfortable and have one elevator and two households. The area includes 89 square meters for two bedrooms, 130-180 square meters for three bedrooms, and 220 square meters for four bedrooms. The layout is exquisite, with north-south transparency. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. I want to comment
Zhang Yuanduan believes that the financial crisis has led to a decline in various industries in China and even globally, and they are still in a downward trend, including the real estate market. The rebound in transaction volume may not be sustainable. Since the beginning of this year, there have been signs of an increase in building transaction volume in many regions such as Beijing and Shanghai. And the long-awaited rush to buy has reappeared in various real estate projects in Shanghai, with statistics showing that more than 50% of the properties have raised their prices. Zhang Yuanduan believes that judging the arrival of spring in the real estate market based solely on such a "small spring" is still somewhat urgent, as the rebound in transaction volume brought about by self occupation and improved housing demand has just begun and may not necessarily be sustainable. Zhang Yuanduan pointed out that one or two months of data cannot explain the problem. "Whether the real estate market has bottomed out or not still needs to be observed for at least three more months before a conclusion can be drawn." He believes that the current real estate market is still in the process of adjustment. Zhang Yuanduan defined the active trading phenomenon in the real estate market since the beginning of the year as the initiation of rigid demand. He stated that the real estate market has been severely impacted by this cold financial tsunami. Under the favorable conditions of various favorable policies introduced by the government to strongly support rigid demand, families who originally had no conditions to buy a house began to purchase housing, while families with poor housing conditions changed houses in order to improve their living environment. The equilibrium price is still in the process of adjustment. "Transaction volume is an important indicator to judge the trend of the real estate market." Zhang Yuanduan's key factor in judging whether the real estate market has rebounded is more inclined towards a significant increase in transaction volume, rather than simply cheering when the real estate prices rise, believing that the spring of the real estate market has arrived. Whether the market can recover, that is, whether the transaction volume can increase, largely depends on the adjustment of the prices that both parties are willing to pay, "Zhang Yuanduan pointed out. As for judging whether the housing price has bottomed out, the surface indicator is the transaction volume, and its theoretical essence is the adjustment of the" equilibrium price ". He explained that this "equilibrium price" is the price at which the demand price that the people are willing and able to pay is consistent with the supply price that developers are willing to offer. The purchasing power of the people is the relatively stable factor in the real estate market, which determines the long-term trend of the real estate market. Both buyers and sellers are still in the process of adjusting, "Zhang Yuanduan said." Even under normal prices, whether people are willing to pay is closely related to the cost-effectiveness of the real estate market. "In Zhang Yuanduan's view, the current recovery of the real estate market is only a small-scale fluctuation in terms of time. Only when the demand price and supply price are getting closer, will the transaction volume increase. "Zhang Yuanduan called for the formulation of various policies in the real estate market based on this," This is much more effective and fundamental than hastily taking measures such as buying houses and households, tax refunds for buying houses, and issuing housing vouchers. "Recently, foreign financial institutions have begun to be optimistic about the medium and long-term trend of China's real estate market, believing that the increase in liquidity has brought signs of stability. The real estate stock market has also been exceptionally strong recently, with clear signs of institutional intervention. Zhang Yuanduan believes that this is using stock market thinking to study the real estate market. Don't confuse the two, the real estate market and the stock market are absolutely different. "The real estate market and the stock market are essentially two different things. Zhang Yuanduan strongly condemned a group of people in the market who view the real estate market through the lens of the stock market. He pointed out that the so-called "singing more" of foreign financial institutions in China's real estate market fundamentally stems from different ways of thinking. The majority of activities in the real estate market are home purchases for self occupation, aimed at improving living conditions, with only a small portion used for investment and speculation. The consensus in the industry regarding the recent rise in real estate stocks is that the rebound is driven by ample liquidity and is being hyped up by institutions. I want to comment
The "6 × 60" theme activities include "60 Guests in Real Estate", "60 Harmonious Community Selection", "60 City Landmark Range Rover", "60 Enterprise Tracking", "60 Bo" and "60 Online Community Celebration". Among them, "60 bloggers" and "60 online community celebration" will launch a series of video interviews based on the internet; The "60 Harmonious Community Selection" and "60 City Landmark Range Rover" will introduce a voting process for netizens to select the NO.1 in their minds. In order to do a good job in this theme event and special reporting, Sina Leju has established a strong reporting team led by a core news team, consisting of senior editors, industry experts, special reporters, special photographers, special writers, and Sina Leju's famous blog reporting team.   At the same time, Sina Leju also invites industry veterans and bloggers to jointly wish for the prosperity of our country, the well-being of the people, and the stable development of the real estate industry.  
Zhu Zhongyi: Developers should provide reasonably priced houses. Real estate developers should develop rationally, support urbanization, increase effective supply, and provide reasonably priced houses. "Zhu Zhongyi, Vice President and Secretary General of the China Real Estate Association, made the above remarks at the Guangzhou Housing Expo last Friday. Zhu Zhongyi stated that the foundation for the recovery of the real estate market is not yet stable, and the rapid rise in housing prices and the emergence of "land kings" in some places are not conducive to the stable development of the real estate market. Business Daily Commentary: Government departments, industry experts, and industry associations have been calling for developers to "develop rationally" in recent times. However, the biggest and most direct effect of the "land king" is the skyrocketing housing prices in the surrounding area, which is not difficult to understand why developers are so enthusiastic about creating "land kings". If there is money to be made, who can remain calm? Therefore, the urgent task is for the government to find ways to increase the supply of land and housing, which can save costs. Business Daily reporter, Bao Fan/photo, I want to comment
At yesterday's meeting, Huang Qifan, member of the Standing Committee of the Chongqing Municipal Party Committee and Executive Vice Mayor, introduced the relevant situation regarding the current hot topics. Huang Qifan said that Chongqing's GDP growth rate reached 13.1% in the first eight months, and there is no problem with a 14% annual growth. Regarding the construction of the "Five Chongqing", Huang Qifan said that "livable Chongqing" is "cheap and good quality". An ordinary family of three, with an average of 6.5 years, can buy a house. GDP increased by 13.1% in the first eight months and achieved 14% for the whole year without any problem. What is the GDP growth rate of Chongqing from January to August? Huang Qifan introduced that according to statistics from the statistics department, the GDP growth rate of Chongqing in the first eight months of this year reached 13.1%, which is once again accelerating compared to the growth rate of 12.7% in the first seven months. There are five reasons that drive Chongqing's economic growth, according to Huang Qifan: the growth rate of Chongqing's industrial and above scale enterprises' added value exceeded 19% in the first eight months; The growth rate of revenue in the commercial retail industry is also over 21%; The real estate industry has achieved a growth rate of 18% in added value; Chongqing's financial industry has emerged as a rising force, with the highest growth rate in the country. In addition, the fifth reason, Huang Qifan said, was driven by investment. In the first eight months, fixed assets investment also maintained a growth rate of more than 35%. The economic growth of Chongqing is the result of the coordinated development of the secondary and tertiary industries, coupled with the joint effect of investment driving, "said Huang Qifan. Therefore, the development of Chongqing is reasonable, sustainable, and has development potential. During this year's National People's Congress and Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, it was reported that Chongqing's GDP growth target for this year is to maintain above 12%. Yesterday, Huang Qifan said that since May, the monthly GDP growth rate has been above 15%, and there is no problem maintaining a growth rate of over 14% for the whole year. Livable Chongqing "offers affordable and high-quality housing for dual income families in 6.5 years. Yesterday, Huang Qifan said that in the next 4 years, Chongqing's investment in" Livable Chongqing "will reach 600 billion yuan. To measure livability, Chongqing has set more than 20 indicators, many of which are related to the people, including housing prices. To be livable, real estate prices cannot be very high. The price of houses must be cheap and of good quality, and affordable for ordinary people, "said Huang Qifan. Currently, the price of houses in Chongqing is significantly lower than that in Beijing and Shanghai, even compared to surrounding provincial capitals such as Chengdu and Guiyang. How long can Chongqing residents buy a house? Huang Qifan said that dual income families can buy a 90 square meter house in an average of 6.5 years. Huang Qifan's specific calculation: In 2008, the average housing price per square meter in the main urban area of Chongqing was over 3900 yuan, while the average annual income of a dual income family (a family of three with two people working) was around 60000 yuan. A 90 square meter house with a total price of over 300000 yuan, therefore, dual income families can buy an average of one unit every 6.5 years, "said Huang Qifan. To live in Chongqing, it must be affordable and of good quality. Ten years after 6 million people entered the city, the urbanization rate reached 70%. Before being directly under the central government, Chongqing was a small city with a large rural area: the urbanization rate was only 28%, and the proportion of rural permanent residents was as high as 72%. Huang Qifan said that 12 years have passed, and currently the ratio of urban permanent residents to rural permanent residents in Chongqing is "half to half": the proportion of urban permanent residents is 51%, and 49% of the population is rural permanent residents. In 10 years, Chongqing's urbanization rate will reach 70%, with a population of 32 million and over 22 million urban residents. From 51% to 70%, this means that in the next 10 years, at least 6 million rural residents will become urban residents after entering the city. Starting this year, more than 500000 migrant workers will enter the city every year. How to accommodate these over 6 million people? Huang Qifan said that these populations will be distributed to the main city, the central city within the 1-hour economic circle, and other cities outside of it. Among them, the main urban area currently has a population of over 5 million and will develop into a mega city with a population of 10 million in 10 years; Cities within the "1-hour economic circle" such as Hechuan and Jiangjin will develop into cities with a population of 500000 to 1 million. Rural pension insurance covers all areas for 4 years and unifies urban and rural areas for 10 years. Chongqing is a national pilot zone for comprehensive urban-rural reform. At the meeting, Huang Qifan said that migrant workers in cities will make breakthroughs in policies and systems such as registered residence reform, housing and medical security in 2012. We need to treat the agricultural population well, "Huang Qifan introduced. Starting from this year, our city will implement a new type of rural social pension insurance." Covering 25% annually, achieving full coverage in 4 years, and in 10 years, the urban-rural pension insurance will be standardized. "Huang Qifan also revealed that in terms of public services such as education, health, and culture, Chongqing will gradually achieve urban-rural integration," so that the agricultural population can also enjoy urbanization services, which is our ultimate goal. A household income of 6.5 years can afford to buy a mid to low end commodity house. For affordable housing, the land transfer price cannot exceed 1/6 of the housing price to prevent "flour being more expensive than bread". (Author: Song Yan), I want to comment
He is not a fighter, he is just an economist who refuses to tell lies. The work he does, his state of existence, is to demonstrate a real life for China today.   The game between the two sides, positive and negative, in major media, especially on the internet, is still lingering today. In fact, there have been many such situations before, mainly due to academic bias and the asymmetry of information transmission. And this asymmetry mainly comes from some irresponsible media and sensationalist experts and scholars. Perhaps it's laziness that doesn't seek deep understanding, perhaps it's a desire to attract attention, or perhaps it's following the crowd... In short, they have blinded our eyes, misled public opinion, and even harmed these upright scholars. Of course, different people will always have different perspectives on each viewpoint, but we hope that these differences are based on a comprehensive understanding rather than misunderstandings. Therefore, 'An Family' is determined to open this column, based on the principles and positions of comprehensiveness, transparency, fairness, and objectivity, to restore a true Mao Yushi and allow readers to make their own objective and fair evaluations and understandings.   Born on January 14, 1929 in Nanjing, his father Mao Yixin was a railway mechanical engineer, and bridge expert Mao Yisheng was his uncle. During the War of Resistance Against Japan, he wandered in the rear areas. He graduated from Nankai Middle School in Chongqing in 1946 and from the Department of Mechanical Engineering at Shanghai Jiao Tong University in 1950. Over the next 20 years, he engaged in research on railway locomotives and rolling stock. I began to engage in research on transportation economics and mathematical economics in the mid-1970s.   After retiring in 1993, he founded the Beijing Tianze Economic Research Institute. As an economist, Mao Yushi did many things that professional economists would not do: implementing small-scale loan experiments in rural Shanxi; Establishing a home economics training school in Beijing for rural youth who have migrated to cities.   Served as a consultant for the Asian Development Bank, the African Energy Policy Research Group, and the United Nations Development Programme. Currently serving as the editor in chief, consultant editor, and editorial board member for twelve domestic and international magazines. Selected as a World Celebrity by Marquis in the United States from 1993 to 1995.   Liu Wenbin, the editor in chief of Anjia, specially interviewed Mr. Mao Yushi. He is a controversial economist whose views often cause great controversy. He is a brave warrior who dares to speak up and laughs off rumors and gossip. He adheres to the most authentic viewpoint of a scholar and is not swayed by external voices. After confirming the interview with Mao Laoyi, we have been collecting the complete version of Mao Laoyi's works with a nervous and admiring mood, hoping to serve as a professional and conscientious media to restore a true Mao Yushi. On an early summer afternoon, led by the editor in chief Mr. Liu Wenbin, the special group of "An Family" magazine came to Mao's hometown to conduct an exclusive interview with this famous economist. As soon as we entered the door, Mrs. Mao told us that Mr. Mao was sick with a high fever of 38.5 degrees Celsius. We were anxious, but Mr. Mao insisted on cooperating with our interview work despite his illness. This rigorous gentlemanly style deeply moved us by the personality charm beyond the academic charm of an economist. Liu Wenbin: Mao has always adhered to the principle of "speaking for the rich and serving the poor", hence the nickname "Mao Defends His Rights". But now some people say that some of Mao's remarks, such as the "no toilet theory for affordable housing," have offended both the rich and the poor. What is your own opinion on this? Mao Yushi: What I mean is not to set up private toilets, only public toilets can be set up, and a private kitchen can also be set up. How can affordable housing not have toilets? This is the media taking my views out of context. I speak for the rich and work for the poor, and I am not afraid to offend anyone. This is my responsibility to society. At the end of the day, low rent housing is taxpayers helping people in need, and the standard must be lower than that of commercial housing to be normal. If you plan low rent housing to be better than commercial housing, how can you give taxpayers an explanation? And this will lead to tenants of affordable housing being unwilling to leave even after becoming wealthy, affecting other people in need of relief. If low rent housing does not adopt standards lower than commercial housing, it may also give the rich a free ride, which is really unacceptable. There is an abnormal phenomenon in today's society that as long as you speak up for the poor, even if you are wrong, they will still think you are right. But there are few who speak for the rich, many who do things for the rich, making money! Marx said that public ownership is good, private ownership is not good. Private ownership has its drawbacks, but there are also many issues with public ownership! We have eaten big pot rice and know its drawbacks. Speaking less for the rich, and also because of everyone's hatred towards the rich, but this is unacceptable. When we were eating from the same pot, we didn't have private cars. Now the streets are filled with private cars. This means that our era is developing and progressing. Only by protecting the rich can society progress and the poor have the motivation to strive to be rich. Liu Wenbin: Mr. Mao, you adhere to the principle of "speaking for the rich and serving the poor". Not only have you made significant theoretical achievements, but you have also demonstrated your social ideals through your keen and profound social perspective. May I ask what specific practical work you have done for the poor? Mao Yushi: I mainly did two things for the poor. One is the small loan program in Shanxi Province, which has been piloted since 1993 in Linxian County, Shanxi Province. Currently, it mainly focuses on Yongji, Shanxi Province. The main purpose is to solve the daily life problems of farmers, such as buying fertilizers, visiting relatives on a daily basis, and the amount is relatively low, with a standard of no more than 10000 yuan. We recently registered a small loan company with a registered capital of 30 million yuan, and we hope that this matter can continue as usual. Another thing is that Tang Min and I have collaborated to establish a wealthy nanny school. It has been 7 years since 2002, and we have found jobs for 16000 rural women. Previously, they could only earn 300 to 400 yuan per month in their hometown, but now they can earn thousands of yuan per month. We not only help them find jobs, but also advocate for their rights, such as advocating for the right to rest days. Generally, waiters do not have rest days, but we are fighting for them. Currently, it is one day a month, and in the future, we will fight for two days off a month or even more. In addition, there are also some work related to poverty alleviation through education and improving education. For example, in rural education, there are few music teachers and physical education teachers. We train local teachers, teach them music, and then let them educate children. Liu Wenbin: Currently, there are two factions in society: "overthrowing Mao" and "supporting Mao". Every theory put forward by Mr. Mao is likely to spark controversy and hype. What do you think? Mao Yushi: I have seen some foreign websites where everyone's opinions are humorous and witty, while domestic media, especially online media, are still immature. Some of the opposition to me is emotional abuse. What's the use of this? In special times, some misunderstandings can even send people to prison. I have experienced that period before, but now some people only release their anger online and don't care anymore. I am never afraid of others scolding me, let alone openly discussing a certain issue. If you have any viewpoints, you can persuade me. If you can't convince me, I still adhere to my principles. Liu Wenbin: Some of your famous statements are often misunderstood by various sectors of society. What famous viewpoints have you misunderstood in the real estate field? Is there any particularly prominent statement that caught Mao Lao's attention and he is willing to make a public statement through the magazine 'Anjia'? Mao Yushi: In the field of real estate, my most easily misunderstood viewpoint is mainly about the topic of stopping affordable housing and restricted housing. I have always advocated for the real estate market to only provide affordable housing and commercial housing, and not to engage in affordable housing and restricted housing. There are still 180 square meters of affordable housing in Tiantongyuan, and good cars are parked everywhere in the community. Who bought the affordable housing? Buying affordable housing is hundreds of thousands cheaper than buying commercial housing. If you give a red envelope of 40000 to 50000 yuan, the final result is still cheaper than commercial housing. How many corrupt factors have this given rise to? Economically affordable housing can be sold at low prices because the cost of acquiring land is almost non-existent. Another topic is opposing the 1.8 billion mu red line farmland. From an economic perspective, if the cost of protecting food security is too high, the cost should be reduced, that is, the red line should be modified in the direction of reduction. 1.8 billion acres will be changed to 1.7 billion acres, making more land available for urban construction. If a large number of farmers enter the city and need to expand urban land, the cost of setting up red lines will increase accordingly, and the red lines for protection should be relaxed. The other misunderstood topics are "challenging the Family Planning Commission" and "energy conservation and emission reduction". Regarding energy conservation and emission reduction, the National Development and Reform Commission originally invited me to a meeting, but later saw that my views were different and could not convince me, so they decided not to invite me again.   Which economists do you think have ideals and responsibilities? Are you also easily misunderstood by society like you? Mao Yushi: (After thinking for a while) I think Wu Jinglian can be considered one. In addition, Zhang Weiying and Xu Dianqing are often misunderstood, but they are also excellent economists with conscience and responsibility. Related reading: Mao Yushi: House prices depend on how much money the buyer has in their pocket. Mao Yushi: How can land prices be unrelated to house prices? Mao Yushi: If a house can be sold for 800000 yuan, don't sell it for 500000 yuan. Oppose price limit houses. Click to enter this magazine for more content: (Anjia Magazine) I want to comment
Dongfang Yipin City launches 20 sets of discounted housing before May Day (pictured) Sina Real Estate News, (editor, business name Yang), Dongfang Yipin City, (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) launches 20 sets of discounted housing, fashionable one to two bedroom. Customers who purchase before May 1st can also enjoy a huge discount. At present, there are less than 60 remaining housing units in the project, with a starting price of 3800 yuan/square meter. Dongfang Yipin City is located at the intersection of National Highway 102 and Hanwang Road in the mature life center of Yanjiao, Beijing. The entrance of the community is the 930 bus stop (Yanjiao Railway Station), and the express line is just four stops away from Guomao, with convenient transportation; The surrounding living facilities are complete, with banks, supermarkets, schools, shopping, and entertainment venues surrounding the area; 70 years of property rights, can apply for local household registration. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. Click to view more discounted real estate information
Longfor Huasheng Xiangti talks about the secret of courtyard decoration lighting matching this week (picture). After holding a top-level home art exhibition on April 18th at Longfor Huasheng Xiangti (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search), on the 25th of this weekend, Huasheng Xiangti will once again collaborate with globally renowned home brands to showcase the little art from life. This home art exhibition is one of the series of activities of Longhu Huasheng Xiangti's "Sunshine Art Season" in April, following the "Warm Spring Art Season" in March. The atmosphere of Huasheng Xiangti - the "Beijing Chief Salon Community" has been increasingly recognized by more and more people. It is reported that the home art exhibition held on the 18th received enthusiastic participation from homeowners. More than 300 homeowners and clients attended the event on the same day, inviting well-known designers to talk about Tuscan style home design and surprising courtyard decoration. At the event on the 25th, Longfor Huasheng Xiangti will once again invite designers to share the secrets of courtyard decoration, and in addition, German designers will personally showcase the concept of indoor lighting matching. It is reported that recently, Longfor Huasheng Xiangti also launched a collection of Huasheng Life Artists with the theme of "There is always an art that comes from life" to homeowners. "Huasheng Xiangti is willing to provide some resources free of charge to our homeowners to help them achieve their dreams, such as romantic dinners with their wives, novel and interesting things on the trip, and photography exhibitions that depict life details... We are willing to interact with homeowners and explore the beauty of art that happens in life details," said Zhang Jian, the marketing director of Longfor Huasheng Xiangti. There is a way of life called Longhu. Buying is not just a house, but also a way of life, "said a business advocate who has participated in the Longfor · Huasheng Xiangti activities multiple times. She gave the Huasheng Xiangti series of activities high praise. I want to comment
The average group buying price for the opening of Media Village is 11500 yuan (as shown in the picture). 9. Media Village (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search), highlights: opening on May 10th, the apartment is adjacent to Metro Line 5. The picture shows the rendering of the Media Village project. The Media Village is now open for sale in Building 5 of Zone C4, with a total of 64 units. The average price for group buying at the opening is 11500 yuan/square meter. The Media Village is located in Beiyuan, 3.5 kilometers north of Anwaiya in Chaoyang District, adjacent to Metro Line 5. Line 5 is 27.6 kilometers long and serves as a major transportation artery that runs through the north and south of Beijing, connecting important commercial and business districts such as Dongdan and Chongwenmen in the city center. Media Village is located north of Lishuiqiao Station and south of Dayangfang Station, with two major bus stops. It can be reached by walking for 3-5 minutes. The total construction area of the Media Village is about 640000 square meters, including an apartment area of about 400000 square meters. It is divided into two zones, north and south, consisting of 14 buildings nearly 100 meters high, two 11 story small high-rise buildings, and podiums. It is a rare large-scale comprehensive residential project in the core area of the Olympic Games. The project's layout design is very mainstream, with 30-50 square meters of zero living quarters, 50-70 square meters of one living quarters, and 80-130 square meters of two living quarters as the main focus. The area balance is moderate, the layout division is reasonable, the flow design is smooth, and the local craftsmanship is unique and varied, which is extremely in line with the needs of modern elites. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. I want to comment
Jindi Green Town 6 Phase II Board Building Western style House 7500 yuan full payment 5% off (picture) Real Estate Supermarket News (editor, Mingjing) Jindi Green Town 6, (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) Currently, the second phase board building three bedroom is for sale, with B1 and B3 buildings on sale, and the remaining units are mainly 140 square meters three bedroom houses. The average price of B1 building is 7500 yuan/square meter, with a total price of about 1 million yuan/set; The average price of Building B3 is 8500 yuan per square meter, with a total price of around 1.2 million yuan per unit. B3 building was occupied on December 31, 2009. A 9.5% discount on one-time payments and a 9.9% discount on mortgages. The project is located in the core of the planned high-end residential land in the second living area of Yizhuang, serving as a low-density garden villa community. The architectural and landscape planning and design draw inspiration from France, imbuing it with the purest and most humanistic spirit of the Loire Valley, creating a harmonious, fashionable, and leisurely low-density residential living atmosphere, and shaping a comfortable and dynamic living space. Create a natural, fun, approachable, and shared landscape environment, create a community culture of equality, communication, harmony, and neighborhood watch, provide comprehensive and convenient living support services, and present an elegant, high-end, stylish, and leisurely French style throughout the community. Whether in terms of planning and design, architectural scale, or landscape architecture, this project fully embodies the insight and care for diverse lifestyles, bringing infinite potential life value to customers. Therefore, the core concept of "diversity of life" has given the soul to this project itself, elevating the original meaning of living to a new height. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. Click to view more discounted real estate information
However, the power of dreams is enormous. The opportunity for a transfer appeared once again in 2006, and Feng Lun will not miss it again. After paying compensation to the Silverstein family, the Port Authority of New York City reclaimed the redevelopment rights of Building 1 and Building 3 of the World Trade Center. So, new negotiations officially began in 2007. Finally, after a total of 1825 days of negotiations, on March 27, 2009, Wantong Industrial, controlled by Feng Lun, became a tenant of the entire five story office building from the 65th to 69th floors of Building 1 (Freedom Tower) of the World Trade Center, as well as a portion of the 64th floor area. The total construction area exceeded 17600 square meters, with an annual rent of over 106 million yuan and a lease term of 20 years and 9 months. According to our understanding, Building 1 will eventually be completed with 105 floors, and Wantong Industrial is actively preparing for the bidding of the highest floor. After signing the relevant agreement, Feng Lun set a record for a Chinese company becoming the first tenant to sign a contract after the reconstruction of the World Trade Center. However, "we are not poets, nationalists, or vain people. We are practical businessmen. China's center is not a heroic act, it is just the most challenging business on Earth," Feng Lun said. So, what kind of American Dream is this?     To become the most efficient local real estate investment company, Wantong Industrial needs to have operational experience in an economic environment with a per capita GDP of 30000 US dollars. These experiences will be of great help to us in investing and developing the "Wantong Center" (forum, photo album, household type, model room, map search) in an economic environment with a per capita GDP of 6000 US dollars. Therefore, investing in the "China Center" is also to learn from the investment and operational experience of high-end commercial real estate. The reconstruction project of the Freedom Tower is being carried out at the most focused location on Earth, with the highest investment density. A total of 15 hectares of land were invested with $35 billion, equivalent to China's investment in the Olympics. At the same time, the height of the building is the highest in North America, and coupled with the historical causes of terrorism, it is extremely complex and dangerous. Finally, the construction of the project must not affect the normal life of New York, as the urban management planning during the construction process is extremely complex. Given this background, if we had successfully collaborated a few years ago, Wantong would have generated over 100 million yuan in annual rental income today, which at least proves the accuracy of my judgment back then.   This statement is quite vivid, but not quite accurate.   Its main customers are business people, as well as those in the political, economic, and cultural fields. We call it mainstream two-way high-end, first the mainstream audience, and then two-way.   Our management model is divided into three types: one is to completely entrust professional institutions to manage, and we do not invest. For example, in the event center and business center, it's like I found a management organization like Marriott and entrusted it to manage. The second is that Wantong collaborates with others to manage and implement a membership system for the club. Thirdly, the profit model is based on some income related to and outside the space, such as sightseeing and tourism. Take a look at the 9/11 pit, which will become a memorial hall in the future. Nowadays, super tall buildings are particularly interesting, as the income from tourism is increasingly higher than that from office buildings. This trend is prevalent worldwide. The Empire State Building is not actually the tallest building anymore, but traveling still requires queuing. The above is income related to space. So, income unrelated to space can be understood as an example.   Americans have some very important institutions and people, and they will also deal with you. Recently, I was forced to go to reception and have dinner with them. Later, I said that I had to arrange this meal? Our company says this is a fee.   Recently, we have been very optimistic about the prospects for profitability. If I were to give this product a name, I think 'Folk Business Activity Center' would be more suitable. It itself provides some services, and if there are additional business services, the China Center can also provide them. If the governor visits New York for inspection, we will provide a full range of business services. So, will such a product impose many political and economic resource requirements on investors? In New York, there are many such talents, and we have already found some through global headhunting in New York.     The reality of the economic crisis will not change the vision of China's center, as this product itself is an investment in the future. On the business card of Wantong Industrial, there is a line of words called "Observing the Immature, Investing in the Future". We are not investing in the present at all, and this product will not fail due to being ahead of time. Will there still be a crisis in three years? Maybe there's another foam.  
The average occupancy price of Vanke COFCO Ziyuan at the end of 2009 was 16500 yuan (picture). Vanke COFCO Ziyuan (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) opened on March 22, 2009, at Building 2 in Zone A, with an average opening price of 16500 yuan/square meter. The occupancy time was at the end of 2009. 155 square meter You8 Heart Mansion, with three bedrooms, two living rooms, and two bathrooms. The layout is transparent from north to south, and the spatial pattern is elegant. The kitchen, dining room, and living room are located on the same line, with excellent ventilation and lighting to ensure comfortable living; South facing balcony with a wide and expansive view of 4m, offering a tranquil view of the picturesque landscape gardens. Vanke COFCO Ziyuan has a total of three phases: Phase I is the C plot, with buildings 2-9 and 14-15 being 9-story board buildings, and buildings 1 and 10-13 being 15 story board buildings, with one elevator and two households, totaling 1255 units. The second phase consists of 370 units of 9-15 story brick and mortar buildings in the Holiday Scenery A plot, and 467 units of 8-15 story brick and mortar buildings in the Ziyuan B area, with a main unit size of 155 square meters and three bedrooms.   Transportation directions: east to Xiaotun Road, south to Jingshi Expressway, north to Shuanglin South Road. The municipal roads on both sides of the community intersect with the Beijing Shijiazhuang Expressway, Lianshi Road, Dacheng Road, Lugu Road, Chang'an Avenue, and Fushi Road from north to south, and buses directly reach the subway station. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. Click to view more discounted real estate information. I would like to leave a comment
Before the launch ceremony, Wang Kai, Deputy Chief Planner of China Urban Planning and Design Institute, as a planning expert, had an on-site dialogue with Sina Leju to express his views on the "National Olympic Living Area" and related planning aspects. As a planning expert, Wang Kai, the deputy chief planner of China Urban Planning and Design Institute, said that with the development of the Olympic Games, there have been significant changes in the entire region. The proposal of the 'National Olympic Living Area' is very innovative, not only in providing a relatively clear concept of the area for the first time, but also in concretizing the planning concept. He believes that the hosting of the Olympic Games has a significant impact on the economy, with the improvement of the national Olympic living area being particularly evident. However, if homebuyers only understand the living facilities, infrastructure, and other situations through a project area, it is relatively thin. By introducing the concept of a region as a whole, it will be easier for homebuyers to understand the regional situation in a short period of time, which will greatly enhance the value of the entire region.   This is beneficial for both development companies and residents. Therefore, the concept of "National Olympic Living Area" may become a well-known name similar to CBD in the near future. He further stated that when homebuyers buy a house, they are also buying a living space, and the quality of life is more reflected in the mature supporting facilities and convenient transportation in the area. Therefore, appearing as a whole can quickly make homebuyers accept the new living area. I want to comment
The reason why Tianyang City won the spring hot sales championship has been deciphered. Nowadays, homebuyers are becoming more and more "picky", pursuing high-quality buildings while also yearning for perfect community landscapes, related supporting facilities, property management, and other aspects. In short, the "All You Living Community" has become the ideal residence in the hearts of homebuyers. Since its entry into the market, Tianyang City (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) has been destined to become a focal point of the real estate market on JD.com and even in Beijing. With a large area of 1.8 million square meters that no one can match, the beautiful scenery of Vancouver style gardens changing seasons, and 250000 square meters of commercial facilities enhancing the overall living atmosphere of Yanjiao, in addition to other hardware and software facilities in the community becoming more perfect, it has become a "top performer" in the Yanjiao real estate market. As a result, Tianyang City sold over 1000 units of housing in March, with a sales amount of over 300 million yuan, becoming the spring sales champion of the Yanjiao real estate market in 2009 and the total sales champion of the Beijing real estate market. According to reports, Tianyang City consists of 44 high-rise residential buildings with 18 to 34 floors, all facing north-south to meet the needs of homeowners for sunlight and ventilation. Relying on the orderly characteristics of the plot, the entire building complex appears to be scattered and orderly. Since its opening in mid February, in less than two months, more than 1000 units of housing in 5 buildings launched by Tianyang City's Phase II North District products have been sold out. Most homebuyers indicate that the exquisite and clever layout design is one of the main reasons that attracts them. It is reported that in response to different economic levels, family structures, and personal preferences of homeowners, Tianyang City Phase I has designed a total of 11 types of layouts ranging from 50-110 square meters for one to three bedrooms. The second phase products launched this time mainly consist of practical small two bedroom apartments ranging from 55-89 square meters, comfortable large two bedroom apartments, and three bedroom apartments ranging from 110-130 square meters. According to Tianyang City sales personnel, all layout designs pursue north-south transparency and scientific and reasonable spatial layout. What is even more surprising is that some of the two bedroom products launched by Tianyang City have a unit area of only 60 square meters, with a restaurant, bedroom, kitchen, and bathroom fully equipped, fully ensuring the basic life of the owners. Due to the reasonable spatial layout and "zero waste", there is no feeling of cramped and crowded, and this type of unit is "small space, multiple rooms", economical and practical, which is very in line with the psychological expectations of young home buyers. At the same time, in order to meet the aesthetic standards of the owners, Tianyang City has broken through the traditional design of "one roof for a thousand buildings" in architectural design, paying special attention to the design of the interior and exterior door and window lines, eaves, building waistline, top corner lines and other parts of the building. It emphasizes the use of multi-level geometric lines and patterns, and creates a fashionable and cultural connotation from these details. The main reason why Yanjiao attracts home buyers is its green landscape, which creates a green ecological environment. The fresh air, high greening rate, and low pedestrian and vehicular flow are many characteristics. Among them, the green landscape is particularly eye-catching, and various real estate projects are also doing their best to create diversified ecological gardens. The landscape greening area of Tianyang City is as high as 150000 square meters. It is reported that in order to achieve a new realm of living in a garden surrounded by green trees, Tianyang City has specially designed four themed clusters based on the unique four parks in Vancouver, Canada, including waterfront bridges, sunshine maple scenery, flower sea music, and green extension, which contain a strong North American seasonal atmosphere. Nowadays, most of the garden landscapes in real estate projects are short-lived, especially after entering winter, when the gardens become barren forests, "Li Yibing, the vice president of Tianyang City, told reporters. Considering how to maintain the beautiful scenery of the garden in all seasons, at the beginning of the planning and design, four theme groups were specially given different characteristics of spring, summer, autumn, and winter. It is reported that in the midst of the strong spring atmosphere of the flower sea, various plants such as magnolia, crabapple, cherry blossoms, roses, etc. can be seen in full view; The waterfront corridor bridge cultivates a variety of summer aquatic flowers, adding infinite fun to the owners through the design of shrubs such as Metasequoia, Willow, Acacia, and Wisteria, as well as secluded paths, small bridges, flowing water, trails, and fountains in the depths of the waterfront. Walking here after tea and meals is particularly comfortable and pleasant; The sunny maple landscape, dominated by a large number of autumn colored leafy plants, creates a colorful and unique scene; The emerald green extension best reflects the urban charm of Canada, with tall and straight coniferous evergreen plants, complemented by highly ornamental trees and shrubs, giving off a distinct North American winter vibe. Presenting multiple scenes in the same community is rare in Beijing and even in China. This Vancouver style garden is the first to appear in Yanjiao, and even in the entire Beijing real estate market, it can be considered a classic, "said Zhou Jinwang, General Manager of Jin Real Estate Agency. Community facilities are essential for leisure and entertainment, which are referred to as the "lifeline of life" by homeowners. Firstly, there is education support. Tianyang City has introduced Peking University Weiming Experimental Kindergarten, and there are 4 high-quality primary schools, 5 high-quality middle schools, and 8 colleges and universities around the project; Secondly, major banks' Tianyangcheng branches have been established within the community; In addition, the community has also set up mobile, internet and other business offices, as well as high-level community hospitals, providing strong guarantees for the basic life of homeowners, allowing them to meet their daily needs without leaving their homes. In order to provide homeowners with a space for physical fitness, the community has also opened up courts for tennis, basketball, badminton, gateball, skateboarding slopes, public stage performances, and other activities, allowing homeowners to find maximum relaxation in their physical and mental health outside of work. For young homeowners, commercial facilities are also crucial. Zhu Lingbo, Director of the Commercial Real Estate Committee of the All China Federation of Industry and Commerce Real Estate Chamber of Commerce, believes that "commercial supporting facilities are no longer just a concept of shopping, but now a way of public life, integrating shopping, leisure, entertainment, sports, learning, and culture. It is the engine of the city and an important aspect of urbanization, including the improvement of the city's fashion level and consumption level." As a commercial start-up, Tianyang Land has also made great efforts in commercial supporting facilities, and its planned 250000 square meters of commercial supporting facilities have become the "giant" of Yanjiao. Large supermarkets, leisure shopping malls, catering clothing, theme brand stores and other businesses will be covered. According to the developer, they are currently negotiating with flagship businesses such as Wal Mart and Carrefour. In addition, leading businesses in the industry such as Red Star Macalline and McLardy have expressed their intention to settle in. At that time, in addition to serving community owners, it can also radiate to surrounding residents and even the entire Yanjiao area, effectively driving the overall upgrading of Yanjiao real estate supporting facilities, and the impact on the region cannot be underestimated. The developer of Tianyang City is very confident in creating a living environment through technology and environmental protection. We are the first project to achieve over 50% energy efficiency. It is reported that the project has adopted 12 new technologies, materials, and processes for environmental protection, energy conservation, and emission reduction, which are only used in construction, landscaping, and community property management systems. Especially in terms of noise isolation and insulation, Tianyang City is second to none in the entire Beijing real estate market. The ground of ordinary housing is mostly directly tiled or covered with wooden flooring. We added an insulation layer before tiling, which not only reduces the heat conduction between the upper and lower floors, but also avoids the interference of sound between each other, truly achieving the effect of energy conservation and noise reduction, warm in winter and cool in summer. "According to the developer of Tianyangcheng, in order to achieve both insulation and noise reduction effects, and the selection of exterior wall materials is also complicated, after repeated research and comparison, we chose the most excellent insulation and moisture-proof material in the construction industry - extruded polystyrene board treatment. In terms of community property management, Tianyang City has planned and designed an intelligent electronic property management system for the entire community, including a visual intercom electronic system, a 24-hour electronic patrol system, an infrared monitoring system, an IC card intelligent management system for driving entrances and exits, an underground parking lot management system, a non-contact IC card recognition system, an image recognition system, and a building visual intercom access control system. Industry experts say that the application of this technology not only provides a healthy living environment for homeowners, but also guarantees their safety.
The small-sized apartments of Guozhan Mansion on Metro Line 15 are expected to open in May 2009, with an average opening price of around 8000 yuan/square meter and a total price starting from 500000 yuan. Sina Real Estate News (Editor, Yanyang). The project is located in Houshayu Town, Shunyi District, consisting of 2 6-story board buildings with a total of 142 units. The unit sizes are 60 square meters for one bedroom, 82 square meters for two bedroom, and 142 square meters for three bedroom, with current occupancy. The Guozhan Mansion is located in the core area of Shayu Town behind the Airport City, within a mature villa district. The project is a six story pure board low-density building with an elevator, carefully creating a natural, quiet, modern and comfortable living place for urban nouveau riche. The new National Exhibition Center and its supporting business offices, star rated hotels, Longteng Cultural Center, Airport Hospital, Shunyi National Hospital, China Resources Supermarket, Hongleya Supermarket, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Bank of China, Yulong Hotel and other cultural consumption and living facilities are within easy reach. The Guozhan Mansion has 60 square meters of comfortable one bedroom, 82 square meters of comfortable two bedroom, and 142 square meters of luxurious three bedroom. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. Click to view more opening information of real estate projects
This weekend, there were many promotional activities, and Leju netizens enjoyed an exclusive 88% discount (picture). Sina Real Estate News (editor, business name Yang), opening, number arrangement, promotion, and home purchase days... This weekend (April 25-26), the Beijing real estate market continued the hot trend since April, and many projects tried their best to promote housing. Netizens of Sina Leju continue to enjoy happy treatment, and even enjoy an exclusive 88% discount on home purchases during Leju's home buying day. Don't miss out on this great opportunity to buy a house! 1. On April 25th, Beijing Oriental Sun City teamed up with Sina Leju to hold the Oriental Sun City Leju House Purchase Day - also known as the Oriental Sun City Community Spring Games. Buyers who arrive at the venue will receive an exclusive purchase discount starting at 88% off. Families of three or more (with parents) who participate have the opportunity to receive a complimentary Oriental Sun City golf umbrella on site, and there will be a grand prize draw!     The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. I want to comment
This year, there has been an unprecedented push for the construction of affordable housing, while the progress of affordable housing construction has been slow. Zhu Zhongyi, Vice President of the Real Estate Association, believes that this may also be related to the flexible attitude adopted by various regions towards affordable housing. Some affordable housing has been solved through other means. Zhu Zhongyi: Because this year the central government is focusing on strengthening the construction of affordable housing, ensuring land and funding, the overall requirements for affordable housing are tailored to local conditions; Jingshifang adopts the method of "filling heads" in some places. Adding bricks is for building houses, and filling heads is for giving you money, which you can buy in the market by yourself. Many places in Shandong are just filling the gap, and some places may have even purchased some mid to low price small and medium-sized commercial housing, which reduces the construction scale of affordable housing. In fact, due to the fact that affordable housing is mainly targeted at low-income groups, the restrictions on the purchasing population are also very strict, which has led to a continuous shrinking of its customer base. At the same time, in some cities, the price of affordable housing is similar to that of commercial housing, resulting in abandonment of purchases in places such as Shijiazhuang. In addition, as affordable housing, the construction of low rent housing can also enable local governments to obtain more central financial support. Zhu Zhongyi said: Each region still builds affordable housing according to its own actual situation. Zhu Zhongyi: Especially in some central and western regions, the housing prices are not high, and the price difference between affordable housing and ordinary commercial housing is not much. Therefore, in some places, it may not necessarily build affordable housing. , Internet brand survey, participation award I want to comment
Soon, the industry was pushed to the brink of crisis. Every day, Americans look through the newspapers and see front page headlines such as "house prices continue to fall". Only then do people realize that they have encountered a very bad loan crisis in history. At that time, Chinese developers were experiencing the most wonderful times.   History does not repeat itself, but it always rhymes. Although in different forms, Chinese real estate developers have experienced their biggest adjustment in nearly a decade. However, the adjustment time was so short that an optimistic expression returned to the developer's face. But there have always been voices of concern, and Yin Jianfeng, director of the Structural Finance Research Office at the Institute of Finance, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, is one of them. He believes that the optimism of enterprises does not mean that the industry will not encounter new adjustments. From the perspective of overall interests and the overall situation, the real estate industry needs a more comprehensive adjustment. 21st Century: Does the frequent appearance of "land kings" in recent times indicate the beginning of a new round of crisis? Yin Jianfeng: The current situation in the real estate market is mainly caused by loose monetary policy.   The land price is determined by the supply and demand relationship. From a supply perspective, there have been many well located land parcels emerging recently, objectively creating the phenomenon of land kings. In the medium to long term, land prices will also depend on demand. 21st Century: What factors are influencing demand?   The main reasons are caused by various factors such as population structure, urbanization process, RMB exchange rate reform mechanism, and narrow investment channels. However, the buying trend driven by the "baby boom" has gradually entered a downward trend. The trend of long-term appreciation of the Renminbi will not change. The basis for determining a country's currency value is its economic, political, and military strength.   The consensus is that due to China's rapid economic growth, the renminbi is bound to appreciate in the long term. However, it is debatable whether there is a sustained ability for appreciation in the short term. If China's export led economic development pattern cannot quickly adjust to domestic demand (investment and consumption) as the dominant factor in the short term, the process of RMB appreciation since July 2005 may come to an end in the next year or so. In addition, the pace of urbanization will gradually slow down. I tend to believe that the recent rebound in housing prices is unsustainable. If human factors stimulate demand and shorten the time for real estate market adjustment, it may lead to more painful adjustments in the future. The current ratio of housing prices to residents' income in China is about 15 times, and some cities even reach more than 17 times, while this ratio is usually reasonable between 3-6 times. 21st Century: We have already seen the impact of the adjustment of the real estate market on the entire economy, such as the decline in local government fiscal revenue. Why does the real estate market need more comprehensive adjustment? Yin Jianfeng: Adjustments will inevitably harm many interests. Before the economic crisis, there were signs of adjustment in the US economy, but the Federal Reserve has been adopting an expansionary monetary policy in an attempt to avoid economic cycles, ultimately triggering a global economic crisis. The central government has realized the need to promote employment and structural transformation of the economy while implementing various policies to ensure economic growth. But the lessons we have learned from the US economic crisis are not enough. The demand growth in the real estate market needs to follow objective laws, and excessive artificial stimulation will lead to negative consequences. 21st Century: After the last round of adjustments, most developers have regained a positive attitude. As you said, if more comprehensive adjustments are inevitable, what lessons should developers learn from past history? Yin Jianfeng: Regardless of whether there is an economic crisis or not, developers must develop projects, and there is no more reason to be pessimistic. The optimism of enterprises does not mean that the industry will not encounter new adjustments. In the real estate boom of the past decade, there have been both excellent companies like Vanke that have survived and companies that rely on excessive debt to operate, which are on the verge of collapse. In the long run, after undergoing adjustments, mergers and acquisitions within the real estate industry, and the elimination of a group of enterprises, it will become an inevitable trend. I want to comment
The second place is the well-known school in Xidi Hongshan Community (picture) NO.2, located in Huarun Xidi Hongshan. (Forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) 660 units were sold, with a transaction area of 64917.48 square meters and an average transaction price of 16773.16 yuan. The picture shows the effect of Huarun Xidi Hongshan Phase II, which is a high-rise slab residential building for sale. The average price in the east-west direction is about 14000-14500 yuan/square meter, and the average price in the north-south direction is about 17000-18000 yuan/square meter. At present, the average price of Building 6 in Phase 1 is 17000 yuan per square meter. The first phase of the product is a 26 story board building, with 90 square meters of pure south facing two bedroom and 140 square meters of north-south transparent three bedroom as the main layouts. The first phase involves delivering the unfinished property, with a property fee of 3.2 yuan. The second phase will be changed to fully furnished delivery, with a property fee of 3.5 yuan. The Huarun Xidi Hongshan project is located at 305 Guangwai Street, Xuanwu District, in the urban core area where Financial Street, Sanlihe, Guang'anmen Business Office Area, and Central Procurement Area intersect. It is adjacent to the planned Metro Lines 7 and 9 and is only one kilometer away from Guang'anmen Bridge on the West Second Ring Road, with convenient transportation and superior geographical location. The community has introduced a well-known domestic primary school, Beijing Primary School, to undertake kindergarten and primary education within the community, eliminating parents' worries about choosing schools while providing children with integrated high-quality education. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. I want to comment
It is reported that Huang Guangyu, his wife Dujuan, and two holding companies are prohibited from disposing of or selling their HKD 1.66 billion shares in Gome Electric Appliances. Huang Guangyu and his relatives hold a 34% stake in Gome Electric Appliances. I want to comment
Park New District offers a million yuan gift for purchasing a house during the May Day holiday (photo). Park New District offers 78 to 130 square meters of two or three bedroom apartments for sale (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search). Click to view more pictures of this property. In order to thank old homeowners and customers, Park New District will launch the "May Day gift raising, million yuan delivery" activity from April 25th to May 2nd. During the event, all customers who subscribe can receive a 100 yuan gift and a 3000 yuan purchase discount? One copy each, and you can participate in the 10000 yuan gift lottery activity on site. The main products of the Park New Area are exquisite two bedroom apartments ranging from 78-110 square meters and comfortable three bedroom apartments ranging from 130 square meters. The layout is compact and reasonable. The current average price is 4200 yuan/square meter. The Park New Area is located on the banks of the Chaobai River in the Yanjiao Economic and Technological Development Zone in Zhengdong, Beijing. It is adjacent to the Huatang Golf Course and the Novte Yanyuan International Resort, and is adjacent to Yanshun Road and the soon to be opened Chaoyang North Road. Convenient transportation, Yanjingtong Expressway and Jingha Expressway are all smooth and unobstructed, with a self driving time of only 30 minutes. The 930 bus directly reaches the community entrance, and it only takes 40 minutes by car from Guomao (Langjiayuan). The departure frequency is every 5 minutes. Only 25 kilometers away from Beijing Capital International Airport. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. Click to view more discounted real estate information. I would like to leave a comment
The "6 × 60" theme activities include "60 Guests in Real Estate", "60 Harmonious Community Selection", "60 City Landmark Range Rover", "60 Enterprise Tracking", "60 Bo" and "60 Online Community Celebration". Among them, "60 bloggers" and "60 online community celebration" will launch a series of video interviews based on the internet; The "60 Harmonious Community Selection" and "60 City Landmark Range Rover" will introduce a voting process for netizens to select the NO.1 in their minds. In order to do a good job in this theme event and special reporting, Sina Leju has established a strong reporting team led by a core news team, consisting of senior editors, industry experts, special reporters, special photographers, special writers, and Sina Leju's famous blog reporting team.   At the same time, Sina Leju also invites industry veterans and bloggers to jointly wish for the prosperity of our country, the well-being of the people, and the stable development of the real estate industry.  
Building 20 of Ruixue Chuntang will open on May 16th, with a current ranking of 3000 yuan to 30000 yuan (picture) Sina Real Estate News, (editor, Yan Yang), Ruixue Chuntang, (photo album, layout, model room, forum, map search) Building 20 will open on May 16th, and the newly launched 20 landscape building can still enjoy a discount of 3000 yuan to 30000 yuan. Each suite only needs to pay a 3000 yuan earnest money to offset the 30000 yuan house price, saving 27000 yuan on purchasing a house. Ruixue Chuntang Phase II opened on March 15, 2009, with a total of 10 buildings. The starting price for the second phase opening is 5900 yuan/square meter, with an average price of 6400 yuan/square meter for buildings 6 and 22. The average price for buildings 2 and 3 is 6600 yuan per square meter. The average price for Building 13 is 7200 yuan per square meter. The project has a unit area of 50 square meters for one bedroom and 90 square meters for two bedroom, with a property fee of 1.68 yuan/square meter/month. It is expected to move in in October 2010. Ruixue Chuntang is located in the center of Liangxiang New City, with a total construction area of 510000 square meters. The community is connected to Jingshi Expressway in the west, Jingkai Expressway in the east, and Sixth Ring Road in the south, with convenient transportation and excellent environment. Multiple bus routes such as the 917 special line, 952, and 3 directly reach the entrance of the community, connecting the entire city. The rail transit Fangshan Line adjacent to the north side of the project has started construction as scheduled on April 1st and will be put into trial operation by the end of next year. At present, community primary schools are in contact with relevant prestigious schools and are expected to introduce first-class educational teachers in Southwest China. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision shall be subject to the developer's announcement
How much is your house worth?   Mr. Sato is already 72 years old and his health is deteriorating. Recently, he has been shuttling between major banks to consult about mortgage defaults. My age, property ownership, and other conditions are all met. Now, the most crucial issue is the valuation of land and houses. The land and house purchased for 100 million yen 40 years ago could have been valued at over 80 million yen, he thought. But the estimated value was 42 million yen, which Mr. Sato didn't believe. Even after running to four banks, the estimated value was almost the same. The valuation of houses and land is the most important part of reverse mortgages, as it relates to the borrower's available financing amount. In Japan, although each bank has its own designated valuation agency, the main valuation indicators are the same, including land price, depreciation rate of houses, current and expected future prices of houses, and so on. Most banks in Japan do not accept apartment mortgages. According to 2003 data, the ratio of land price to market value of a house in Japan is 6.9:1. In the valuation of reverse mortgages, the proportion of land price is higher, and most people say that the valuation of the house is close to zero. This is also the main reason why most banks do not accept the use of apartment mortgages for reverse mortgages. Although banks do not explicitly state that they do not accept reverse mortgages for apartments, in practice, apartments are generally rejected. In history, the assessed value of a very small number of high-end apartments that were accepted for reverse mortgages was also very low, and the same purchase price was incomparable. In fact, the property rights of Japanese apartments include small areas of land, but because the area is too small, the value proportion in the valuation of reverse mortgages is still too small, which cannot maintain its value. The loan amount can be further discounted, usually around 70% of the estimated amount. Therefore, financial institutions generally only select real estate with an estimated value of 50 million yen, and some even require it to be over 100 million yen. For applicants for reverse mortgages, in the past, bank regulations were limited to those over 55 years old. However, with the extension of life expectancy in Japan, most banks now set the age limit at 60 years old or above, and some products even require applicants to be over 65 or 75 years old. The requirement for the ownership of property rights in a house is that the borrower or their spouse is the sole property owner. At the same time as signing the reverse mortgage contract, the applicant will be required to sign a will, specifying that the property rights will belong to the lending institution after the loan term expires.     What is the average lifespan of houses in China? According to data, the average service life of new buildings is less than 30 years. It can be seen that there are too many uncertain variables when valuing such a house, and the valuation of the house is difficult. Therefore, it is necessary to establish a scientific valuation model that can balance the interests and risks of both the lender and the lender to the maximum extent possible. In addition, technical issues at the operational level, such as valuation standards, selection of valuation executing agencies, constraints on collateral (such as building age, maintenance level, etc.), agreement on loan interest (usually using floating interest rates in Japan), and prediction of loan terms by lenders, are also some of the problems that need to be solved in the process of implementing reverse mortgages. What role should the government play? So, who should be the operator of the reverse mortgage? Banks, insurance companies, and the government. Banks and insurance companies are good executors, but from the actual operational history of Japan and the United States, the government must play the role of a promoter. In Japan, the lenders of reverse mortgages are divided into two types: government agencies and private institutions.   In Japan, the government mainly provides financing for borrowers with real estate valuations below 50 million yen to help mid to low end customers who are unwilling to work for financial institutions. Japanese apartments account for about 10% of the total residential market, with an estimated market of 80 trillion yen, yet to be developed. As it belongs to the mid to low end market, it is estimated that the government still needs to take the lead in promoting the development of the apartment reverse mortgage market. In the United States, the insurance agency of the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) provides insurance services for reverse mortgages, and has the power to directly guide and educate appraisal agencies on the key point of "real estate valuation" that directly affects the interests of lenders. This is a great guarantee for lenders, and can effectively reduce disputes in the later stage, and promote the promotion of reverse mortgages. Although the promotion of reverse mortgages in Japan has been difficult and lengthy, its beneficial role for the country and the people has been recognized by society. It is estimated that if 20000 elderly people use reverse mortgages, it can reduce government spending by 10 billion yen in Japan. I wish the reverse mortgage can also benefit elderly friends in China as soon as possible. The author is an expert in the Japanese elderly care industry and an executive director of the Royal Estate Management Company. I would like to comment
Feng Lun, Chairman of Wantong Real Estate: The future market space for commercial real estate is very large. Feng Lun, Chairman of Wantong Real Estate (Enterprise Zone, its properties), pointed out that based on historical experience, the growth of GDP and urbanization is related to the form of real estate properties. That is, when the per capita GDP is below $8000, residential properties are the core of the market, and mainstream products will revolve around residential properties.   Feng Lun believes that expanding the proportion of commercial real estate by Wantong Real Estate from now on is a reverse thinking in the current market, but it is in line with the long-term trend. I want to comment
In 2008, Li Ka shing ranked 11th on the Forbes Global Rich List with assets of $26.5 billion.   Bloomberg calculated based on data from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange that Li Ka shing's assets have rebounded by 42% from their lowest point this year, reaching HKD 170.39 billion. I want to comment
Ren Zhiqiang, a real estate dealer, responded to the question of explaining in detail that the housing price has not risen. Fang Xiang, a reporter from Orient. com, reported on April 21 that on this year's Boao Forum Real Estate Sub Forum, Ren Zhiqiang (Ren Zhiqiang's blog) (blog), when talking about the question of "how much has the housing price gone up?", calculated an account for the people all over the country. In 1978, the national average monthly salary was 28.6 yuan, which has increased 100 times since then. In 1978, Chinese cabbage was priced at 2 cents per piece, but now it's 2 yuan, which has increased by 100 times. The housing price has only increased by 16.6 times. The final conclusion is that compared to residents' wage income, housing prices have not increased. Yesterday (20th), on Ren Zhiqiang's official blog, the complete version of this forum was freshly released. The article titled "How Much Has House Price Rised" undoubtedly contains more shocking viewpoints than the speeches on the forum, and has sparked more debates. In the full version of Lei Ren's article "How Much House Prices Have Increased", Ren Zhiqiang mainly attributed the high housing prices to several misunderstandings among people, such as misunderstandings about the formation of average market sales prices and misunderstandings about the formation of average income. In particular, it was mentioned that "because it is difficult to distinguish between shark fin and vermicelli in the same pot, the public is using the average housing price containing shark fin to judge the market. Do they not know that most people can only eat vermicelli and cannot eat shark fin? The problem lies in this." It is worth noting that in this article, Ren Zhiqiang specifically mentioned that "everyone would say that in 1978, there was no housing content in wages, and houses were distributed as welfare or given for free. It was only after the commodification reform that housing content was added to wages, but did housing prices also undergo changes in connotation?" This undoubtedly brings out the criticism premise of some people in advance, making the subsequent analysis seem to have changed. More convincing. And its conclusion is still that "deducting 30% of the land portion nationwide has increased by 11-12 times, and the core urban area of Beijing has increased by about 16.6 times, which is far from the difference of 100 times compared to Chinese cabbage. It cannot be compared with the growth rate of GDP, nor can it be compared with the increase of about 100 times in wage income. After deducting the housing wage content in wages, it can only be said that the growth of income far exceeds the low growth of housing prices by more than N times. ”Since Ren Zhiqiang's remarks on housing prices at the Boao Forum, there have been numerous debates, with the vast majority of them being critical. Famous economist Yu Nanping criticized this viewpoint at the 2009 Alumni Association of Dongfang Real Estate College, East China Normal University.   One is the calculation method. China began to carry out monetary housing reform in 1998, and it was later fully implemented. At that time, the original public housing allocated to employees was sold to them at a market price of approximately 300 yuan per square meter. Nowadays, housing prices in first tier cities are around 15000 yuan per square meter, which is 50 times higher than in 1998. If the price has increased 50 times in ten years, then from 1978 to now, calculated based on 30 years, the housing price has increased 150 times. The second is that in 1978, housing was allocated separately, equal to zero price. Nowadays, housing prices in first tier cities are all above 10000 yuan, and should increase by several thousand times or even more than 10000 times. There are also supporters, but like a coin with two sides, while refuting Ren Zhiqiang, there are also some supporters in the market. Internet commentator Cha Jun published an article titled "Ren Zhiqiang's' Fallacy 'is Not Completely Unreasonable", in which he mentioned that "when it comes to the fact that housing prices have not risen, people criticize Ren Zhiqiang for not being unreasonable, but if we say that Ren Zhiqiang's remarks are all fallacies and somewhat unfair to others." After Ren Zhiqiang's blog post "How Much Has Housing Price Grew?", there was also a "fan" of Ren Zhiqiang who supported his remarks. As the saying goes, justice lies in the hearts of the people. Whether Ren Zhiqiang's "housing price theory" is reasonable or not, I believe everyone has a psychological account. If you have any insights, you may also express them in the "comments" section of this article. , related report: Feng Haining: Why is Ren Zhiqiang not afraid of public bombardment? People all over the country think houses are expensive. Why does Ren Zhiqiang say they are cheap? Ren Zhiqiang said that the wage is equal to no increase in house price. I want to comment
Wang Shi reiterated again: Vanke will not become the land king in the future. Sina Finance News: After Shanghai Vanke Real Estate Co., Ltd. acted as a third-party custodian for the construction of collapsed buildings in Shanghai, Vanke Chairman Wang Shi said in an exclusive conversation with Sina Finance yesterday that the reason for taking over the collapsed buildings in Shanghai was because Vanke was very familiar with the local geological environment and had a lot of experience in handling it. On July 31st, Shanghai Vanke Real Estate Co., Ltd. acted as a third-party custodian for the construction of the property and promised to "ensure the delivery of houses that meet quality standards according to the pre-sale contract before May 31st, 2010". The every move of the property leader has attracted much attention. Economist Li Kaifa believes in a media interview that Vanke needs an eye-catching product and topic to rebuild its brand value. The acceptance of Lou Crisp Crispy this time is actually another brand action by its leader Wang Shi, another show. Regarding this, Wang Shi stated that the reason for taking over the collapse of the building was twofold. Firstly, it had a significant impact on the industry. Secondly, Vanke had been developing real estate in Shanghai since 1991. The second, third, and fourth projects were all located in Minhang District, where they were familiar with the soft and tofu foundations and had extensive experience in handling them. In addition, according to the mid-term performance announcement released by Vanke A (12.77, -0.02, -0.16%) on the evening of August 3, it still maintained its position as the industry's top seller in terms of sales amount and sales area in the first half of the year. However, its sales volume and sales amount in the Yangtze River Delta market only increased by 1.4% and 0.5% year-on-year, respectively. In the Pearl River Delta region, sales performance made the report not very outstanding. Some analysts believe that Vanke wants to rebuild its good image by repairing collapsed buildings to drive sales. I want to comment
The average price for a three bedroom apartment in Qingxue Garden, Dacheng County, is 16500 yuan (pictured). The first and fifth buildings of Qingxue Garden were opened on March 8, 2009, with an average price of 16500 yuan per square meter (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search). The main units of Qingxue Garden are three bedroom apartments ranging from 130 square meters to 185 square meters, with exquisite decoration and a property fee of 3.15 yuan/square meter/month. Dacheng County Qingxue Garden discount: 40-69% down payment, 97% off; 70-89% down payment, 5% off; Down payment of 90-100%, 94% off. The Dacheng County project is located 1500 meters south of Wukesong Bridge on the West Fourth Ring Road, at the southwest corner of the intersection of the West Fourth Ring Road and Dacheng Road. The geographical location is very advantageous, with direct access to the Jinyuan and Zhongguancun commercial districts in Haidian District to the north, and the high-tech industrial park in Fengtai District to the south. Through the connection of Chang'an Avenue, it can quickly reach the Princess Tomb and Financial Street commercial districts. The building type is low-density garden villa with a plot ratio of 1.29. Dacheng County is once again dedicated to creating low-density urban villa products in the western region by Dacheng Development Group Co., Ltd., following the CBD "Dacheng International Center" (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search). The architectural form is a traditional enclosed design, consisting of 48 6-9-story slab residential buildings with elevators, divided into 6 clusters with a plot ratio of only 1.29. The community garden is designed in German style, with 13 gardens themed around different plants distributed internally. At the same time, 6 small bridges are set up in the 30000 square meter central garden to connect various clusters. In addition to the children's fun area and the exclusive activity area for the elderly in the central garden, the entire community is built with the garden concept of 6 bridges, 6 views, and 13 gardens. In addition to the comprehensive supporting facilities in the community, living in the community not only allows one to enjoy the abundant urban resources, but also the peaceful and natural villa life of suburban villas. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. Click to view more discounted real estate information. I would like to leave a comment
The director of Fuzhou Urban Management Law Enforcement Bureau has been double regulated by relevant departments and suspended for inspection two weeks ago, according to the Economic Observation Network. Reporter, Chen Yong, confirmed through multiple channels. Zhang Hong was born in 1955 in Ningde, Fujian. He is a member of the Communist Party of China and previously served as the Deputy Director of the Fuzhou Administration for Industry and Commerce and the Director of the Fuzhou Shanghai Office. In 2006, he was transferred back to Fuzhou and appointed as the Secretary of the Party Group and Director of the Fuzhou Urban Management Law Enforcement Bureau. Before the incident, in addition to administrative duties, he was also a representative of the 13th People's Congress of Fuzhou City. According to informed sources, Zhang Hong was arrested due to his involvement in the corruption case of the Fuzhou Inland River Project, and he took bribes together with several personnel from the Inland River Management Office, including more than 600000 yuan in personal bribes. In addition, Hu Jianjun, the director of the Fuzhou Inland River Management Office, has also been subject to dual regulations. The above-mentioned insider told reporters that Zhang is a person who is quite good at doing things. During his tenure, he market-oriented the management of dump trucks, which prevented them from leaking and kept the city clean. This accident was a pity. It is reported that Guangming Port is the terminus of the inland river in Fuzhou. During Typhoon Longwang in 2005, Fuzhou was severely flooded, and the local government spent a lot of money to control it. However, it was not expected that there would be layers of subcontracting in the inland river project, which would lead to delayed project payments and cause the construction party to file complaints everywhere, resulting in corruption cases. It is reported that as early as April 27, 2004, the National Development and Reform Commission officially approved the Fuzhou Municipal Government to use a loan of 540 million yuan from the Asian Development Bank to manage 13 inland rivers on Nantai Island, with a total length of about 45.86 kilometers, and build 8 regulating water gates. According to local media reports, the governance projects include dredging, embankment construction, slope protection, greening, etc. In addition, a large number of sewage pipes will be laid on both sides of the inland river and corresponding sewage interception measures will be taken to prevent the sewage from both sides from being discharged into the inland river again and causing pollution. After treatment, the water quality of the inland river will meet the standards of four types of water bodies, and green parks will be built on both sides of the river according to local conditions, forming new scenic lines and landscapes of the inland river. This will greatly improve the living environment and urban environment, and thoroughly solve the pollution and alleviate the problem of waterlogging in the inland river of Nantai Island, Fuzhou City. I want to comment
Real estate executives earn the highest annual salary of Ren Zhiqiang. (Reporter Li Wanlin) How much do executives in the real estate industry earn in a year? On the evening of the 23rd, the China Real Estate Managers Alliance (hereinafter referred to as the "China Economic Alliance") ranked the top 100 in terms of annual executive compensation of listed companies based on statistical data from their annual reports.   The China Economic Alliance stated that all the statistical data this time comes from the annual reports of listed companies released in March 2009, reflecting the real salaries of real estate executives in 2008. Among the executives of real estate listed companies who entered the TOP100 salary ranking this time, the highest annual salary reached 18.35 million yuan and the lowest was 39600 yuan, with executives from real estate companies in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen and other places accounting for the vast majority. Gan Qinglin, the CEO of Changjiang Industrial, has the highest annual salary of 18.35 million yuan; Huayuan Chairman Ren Zhiqiang won the runner up with 7.74 million yuan, followed by Huayuan General Manager Sun Qiuyan in third place with an annual salary of 4.49 million yuan; Vanke Chairman Wang Shi's annual salary of 2.48 million yuan ranks sixth, while Vanke President Yu Liang's annual salary of 2.06 million yuan ranks ninth. In addition, the top 50 executives of listed real estate companies have annual salaries ranging from 100000 to 400000 yuan, with the top 10 real estate CEOs earning less than 200000 yuan per year. The last one is Zhu Jinsong, director and general manager of Guangzhou the Pearl River Industry (enterprise zone, its real estate) Development Co., Ltd., with an annual salary of only 39600 yuan.   I want to comment
Shihua Waterfront, located next to the Third Ring Road, has launched a special offer for ready to use houses priced at 11000 yuan (pictured). Sina Real Estate News (Editor, Yanyang) Shihua Waterfront has launched a special offer for houses priced at 11000 yuan/square meter (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search), with a total of 60 units ranging from 130-190 square meters. All units are sold out. The main unit is a 162 square meter three bedroom apartment, with a ready to move in property next to the third ring road, available for immediate purchase. The average price of other units in Shihua Waterfront is 13500 yuan/square meter. Discounts: A one-time discount of 8.8%, a loan discount of 9.2%. Discounted rooms do not enjoy discounts. Shihua Waterfront is located at the southern end of Tiantan South Road and north of Liangshui River, between the South Third Ring Road and the Fourth Ring Road. 1600 meters north, directly south of the Third Ring Road; Plan a flat bridge on the south side, connecting to the South Fourth Ring Road auxiliary road; The north side is adjacent to the stations of Metro Line 5 and Line 10, with access to the entire city within one hour. The total construction area of the residential building is 210000 square meters, divided into three major areas of BCF, with a plot ratio of 1.96 and a maximum building spacing of nearly 60 meters to avoid obstruction and eye contact. Discounted rooms do not enjoy discounts. The building adheres to a full slab layout, relying on the southward trend of the 1600 meter waterfront of Liangshui River, and combining with the setback and platform to form an open planning space, with multiple rooms facing the sun and ample natural lighting. The unit sizes range from 90 to 200 square meters, with 140-160 square meters. The layout of your main three bedroom apartment not only meets the traditional needs of ventilation and lighting, but also creates a family living room and a master bedroom landscape balcony, introducing the beautiful scenery outside the window into the interior and restoring the original intention of living in a mansion. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. Click to view more discounted real estate information. bb {}. pb, textarea {font size: 14px;, margin: 10px;, font family: "Song style";, background: # FFFFEE;, color: # 000066}. pb_t {line height: 30px;, font size: 14px;, color: # 000;, text align: center;/*, pagination, */. pagebox {overflow: hidden;, zoom: 1;, font size: 12px;, font family:“ Song typeface ", sans serif;. pigbox, span {float: left;, margin right: 2px;, overflow: hidden;, text align: center;, background: # fff;}. pigbox, span, a {display: block;, overflow: hidden;, zoom: 1;, _float: left;}. pigbox, span. pagebox_pre_nolink {border: 1px, # ddd, solid;, width: 53px;, height: 21px;, line height: 21px;, text align: center;, color: # 999;, cur sor: default;}. pagebox, span. pagebox_pre {color: # 3568b9;, height: 23px;}. pagebox, span. pagebox_pre, a,. pagebox, span. pagebox_pre, a: visited,. pagebox, span. pagebox_next, a,. pagebox, span. pagebox_next, a: visited {border:1px,#9aafe5,solid;,color:#3568b9;,text-decoration:none;,text-align:center;,width:53px;,cursor:pointer;,height:21px;,line-height:21px;}.pagebox,span.pagebox_pre,a:hover,.pagebox,span.pagebox_pre,a:active,.pagebox,span.pagebox_next,a:hover,.pagebox,span.pagebox_next,a:active{color:#363636;,border:1px,#2e6ab1,solid;}.pagebox,span.pagebox_num_nonce{padding:0,8px;,height:23px;,line-height:23px;,color:#fff;,cursor:default;,background:#296cb3;,font-weight:bold;}.pagebox,span.pagebox_num{color:#3568b9;,height:23px;}.pagebox,span.pagebox_num,a,.pagebox,span.pagebox_num,a:visited{border:1px,#9aafe5,solid;,color:#3568b9;,text-decoration:none;,padding:0,8px;,cursor:pointer;,height:21px;,line-height:21px;}.pagebox,span.pagebox_num,a:hover, .pagebox,span.pagebox_num,a:active{border:1px,#2e6ab1,solid;color:#363636;}.pagebox,span.pagebox_num_ellipsis{color:#393733;,width:22px;,background:none;,line-height:23px;}.pagebox,span.pagebox_next_nolink{border:1px,#ddd,solid;,width:53px;,height:21px;,line-height:21px;,text-align:center;,color:#999;,cursor:default;}
Ren Zhiqiang and Shi Hanbing once again exchanged insults across the air, calling each other ignorant. Ren Zhiqiang (Ren Zhiqiang's blog) and real estate commentator Shi Hanbing (Shi Hanbing's blog) once again "argued". On October 22nd, Ren Zhiqiang published a blog post titled "Can't Stand It Anymore" in response to the comments made by Shi Hanbing on a CCTV program??? The rise in housing prices drives inflation, accusing Shi Hanbing of not seeking a deep understanding. Subsequently, Shi Hanbing also published a blog post titled "Mr. Ren Zhiqiang, Don't mistake ignorance for erudition", refuting that Ren Zhiqiang took it out of context. Ren Zhiqiang: Shi Hanbing, a real estate giant known as the "cannon", did not seek a deep understanding. The reason why Ren Zhiqiang published the blog post "Can't Stand It Anymore" was due to Shi Hanbing's argument on the relationship between housing prices and inflation in a program on CCTV. In the program, Shi Hanbing claimed that the rise in housing prices has driven inflation. In response to the above viewpoint, Ren Zhiqiang refuted in "Can't Stand It Anymore" that Shi Hanbing did not even know the basic knowledge. "The National Bureau of Statistics has repeatedly explained that the CPI does not include the factor of housing prices, and whether housing prices rise or fall is not directly related to the statistics and calculation of CPI. CPI only calculates changes in rent, not changes in housing prices. If an economic commentator cannot even understand this most basic statistical method, what qualifications do they have to comment on changes in the economy and CPI? ”At the end of the blog, Ren Zhiqiang unabashedly mocked: "Shi Hanbing had better study the basic knowledge of CPI statistics before going on TV, and don't show his ignorance to the people all over the country. ”In addition to making the above rebuttal, 'Can't Stand It Anymore' brings in Ren Zhiqiang's long-standing resentment towards Shi Hanbing from the beginning. Ren Zhiqiang stated in his blog post that he had had some debates about different viewpoints before he met Shi Hanbing, and later met him in different TV interview recordings. "When I found out about Shi Hanbing's academic style and attitude towards economics and the market, I no longer wanted to have a conversation and discussion with him. Although several TV stations invited me to participate in the discussion multiple times, I would not hesitate to refuse whenever I found out that he was there." Shi Hanbing: Ren Zhiqiang treated ignorance as erudition to criticize and ridicule Ren Zhiqiang. Shi Hanbing published an equally explosive blog post late at night on the day Ren Zhiqiang published his blog post - "Mr. Ren Zhiqiang, Don't Treat Ignorance as erudition. The. In the blog post, Shi Hanbing explained in detail the relationship between housing prices and inflation, and pointed out that grain prices can also experience a surge effect due to the rise in housing prices. When the CCTV reporter interviewed me, I answered very specifically. I believe that due to the fact that housing prices are not included in the CPI, the current inflation situation is actually masked.   ”Shi Hanbing also pointed out that although housing prices have little impact on CPI in statistical indicators, due to the price comparison effect, the intrinsic relationship between housing prices and CPI is very strong, or in other words, it will have a significant impact on the actual inflation level. Background: The two have clashed multiple times before. In fact, Ren Zhiqiang and Shi Hanbing have long harbored grievances. The two of them had been exchanging insults in their respective blog posts as early as early as 2007, and the issue they were debating at that time was' whose fault is it for the high housing prices'. At that time, Ren Zhiqiang accused Shi Hanbing: "Developers who say housing prices will rise are not kidnapping the public, while those who think housing prices will fall and those who advise people not to buy houses are making the public pay a higher cost of improving their quality of life." Shi Hanbing, on the other hand, said that high housing prices are due to "developers' huge profits. The argument between the two ultimately ended with Ren Zhiqiang hanging the exemption card. In 2008, the two of them met again on a financial program in Shanghai, where they refused to compromise. Ren Zhiqiang even expressed his intention to leave halfway through the show. Afterwards, Shi Hanbing published an extremely aggressive blog post, in which he claimed that Ren Zhiqiang had been "playing tricks" and "messing around" on the show. The rise and fall of housing prices are two sides of the same coin, one is the developer and the other is the private real estate commentator. Ren Zhiqiang and Shi Hanbing once again "exchanged insults" from afar, adding some topics of discussion to the dull real estate market. But to be fair, the written battle between the two is not very technical, more of a misunderstanding and lack of understanding of each other. In fact, the rise and fall of housing prices are two sides of the same coin and a special phenomenon in the current stage of China's economic development. It is biased to see one side of the "coin" obsessively and intentionally or unintentionally ignore the existence of the other side. Ren Zhiqiang has been defending the rise in housing prices all along. Seeing the reality of a certain period of rising housing prices, and even their rationality in certain places and regions, he put forward the theory of "only building houses for the rich". In fact, he confused the development concept of individual businessmen with the positioning of the entire real estate industry, which led to a backlash and was dubbed the "Ren Cannon". As a "house topper", Shi Hanbing saw the strong demand for housing price adjustment in the market after the rapid rise in housing prices. Therefore, when the transaction volume of real estate in various regions had just recovered in March, he subjectively believed that the main reason was the developer's "fake mortgage" - now it seems that it is not rigorous enough. I want to comment
The average price of fully furnished apartments in Guorui City is 32000 yuan per square meter, with a 3-year free trial stay (as shown in the picture). Sina Real Estate News (Editor, Yanyang) Guorui City, (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) The average price of fully furnished apartments in Building 3 is 32000 yuan per square meter. It is a 16 story tower with 3 staircases and 9 households, with a unit area of 65 square meters for one bedroom and approximately 138-160 square meters for two bedroom. 97% off the full payment. In addition, we will launch a three-year trial stay and offer a full refund for any dissatisfaction with the property. Namely: After fully paying the house price, you can try to live in the house for three years. If you are not satisfied with the house, you can receive a full refund of the house price. The high-end apartments in Zone A opened on December 30, 2007. Zone A includes a 31000 square meter 5A Grade A office building, three international high-end apartments with a total area of 37000 square meters, a 35000 square meter high-end serviced apartment, 130000 square meters of shopping and mall, and 12 collector's edition quadrangle houses that will be sold separately. The project is located in the core area of Chongwen Commercial District, the busiest commercial district in the center of Beijing, CBD, Wangfujing and Financial Street have unique geographical advantages,.   The above information is for reference only, and the final content announced by the developer shall prevail. Click to view more discounted real estate information
As a witness to this auction, Pan Shiyi believes that the unexpectedly high price of the land at No. 15 Guangqu Road, with a premium of 146.5%, was completely unexpected;   According to Pan Shiyi's recollection, the competition on site was fierce, but Vanke, which has rich development experience, only raised the card twice; SOHO China stopped bidding after reaching an auction price of 3.95 billion yuan, with only Sinochem Fangxing, which has a state-owned enterprise background, still confidently bidding. Pan Shiyi said that the "New Land King" will have a significant impact on the housing prices in the surrounding areas, but buyers will also analyze and compare the prices of the buildings sold and the prices of the surrounding buildings to decide whether to buy. Therefore, the future of No. 15 Guangqu Road requires a rational and realistic product positioning. Pan Shiyi believes that the recent frequent occurrence of land kings in Beijing is due to the abundance of hot money and nowhere else to go, which has led to an irrational attitude and irrational prices in the real estate market.    
The average price of Aobei Sun City is 3980 yuan, with a discount of 10000 yuan and a discount of 30000 yuan (picture). Sina Real Estate News (editor, Gu Liang), Aobei Sun City, (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) launched multiple home purchase discounts during the May Day period. Activity 1: Purchase a house from May 1st to 3rd and enjoy a "discount"; Activity 2: Tailored for a family of three generations, a boutique small three bedroom apartment of 106 square meters can be purchased for 10000 to 30000 yuan. In addition, the project held a solar energy product briefing on May 1, 2009 at 1:30 pm in the on-site exhibition hall. Customers attending the solar energy briefing will receive one exquisite gift per household, limited in quantity and on a first come, first served basis. The first phase of the Aobei Sun City is currently for sale, consisting of 1-5 story slab buildings with a construction area of over 30000 square meters. It was occupied on May 31, 2008. The second phase of the building is an elevator board building with a garden on the first floor, consisting of 8 or 9 floors. The building covers an area of over 120000 square meters and features 1-4 bedrooms, ranging in size from 60 to over 150 square meters. Additionally, there are some duplexes. The second phase has now been fully capped and the delivery date is September 2009. The third phase consists of a 6-story slab building and some public buildings. Aobei Sun City is located in Jiaoli Village, Xiaotang Town, Changping District, within the North Sixth Ring Road of Beijing. To the east is Tangshang Road Second Class Road in Jiaoli Village, to the south is Jiaoli Village, to the west is Jiaoli Industrial Zone, and to the north is Guanniufang Bridge on the North Sixth Ring Road. The distance from the project to the entrance and exit of North Sixth Ring Road (Xiaotangshan) is 2 kilometers, to Government Street in Xiaotangshan Town is 2.5 kilometers, to the intersection of Litang Road and Mafangqiao Road is 2 kilometers, and to the terminal station of East Sanqi of Metro Line 5 is 9 kilometers. It takes 10 minutes by car to get there. It takes 20 minutes from North Sixth Ring Road to Capital Airport and 6 minutes to reach Badaling Expressway. Bus route 52 (Changping North Station Lishuiqiao Urban Railway Station) has a stop at the east entrance of the community. The above information is for reference only, and the final content announced by the developer shall prevail. Click to view more discounted real estate information. I would like to leave a comment
The average opening price of ready to move houses in Green Holiday Phase 2 in May 2009 was 8000 yuan (picture) Sina Real Estate News (editor, Li Lili) Green Holiday Phase 2 (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search). The ready to move houses opened in May 2009 with an average price of 8000 yuan/square meter and will be occupied by the end of 2009. The project is located on the north side of Yonghua Road in the satellite city of Daxing Huangcun, north of the Beijing Golf Course. Take bus 937, 6, 957, 901, 968, 410 to Daxing County Hospital. The southern extension of Metro Line 4, invested by Gangxiang, is the Daxing Line. The Yihezhuang subway entrance is about 700 meters away from this project, and it is convenient to transfer to Line 1 and Line 2 at Xidan Station in the north. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement. I would like to comment on Sina Real Estate News (Editor, Li Lili) Green Holiday Phase 2 (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search), which opened for sale in May 2009, with an average price of 8000 yuan/square meter and a product type of 60-90 square meter slab houses. The project is located in Guozhuangzi Village, Lugouqiao Township, Fengtai District, adjacent to Xiaotun No. 4 Road to the east, the southern extension of Yuquan Road (Xiaotun Road) to the west, Jingshi Expressway to the south, Guozhuangzi No. 1 Road to the north, and near the upcoming Xiaotun Station of Metro Line 14. Enjoy the dual convenience of road and rail transportation. The project is located on the north side of Yonghua Road in the satellite city of Daxing Huangcun, north of the Beijing Golf Course. Take bus 937, 6, 957, 901, 968, 410 to Daxing County Hospital. The southern extension of Metro Line 4, invested by Gangxiang, is the Daxing Line. The Yihezhuang subway entrance is about 700 meters away from this project, and it is convenient to transfer to Line 1 and Line 2 at Xidan Station in the north. The above information is for reference only, and the final decision is subject to the developer's announcement.
The average price of a three bedroom transparent apartment in Wannian Flower City is 13500 yuan (picture). In Wannian Flower City, (forum, photo album, layout, model room, map search) Wannian Flower City has launched the "2009 Dream Fulfillment Action 'Boutique Layout Special" activity, promoting practical transparent three bedroom apartments of 127 and 133 square meters. Real life apartments can be bought and lived in immediately, with an average price of 13500 yuan/square meter. The Wannian Flower City project is located in the Flower Township of the Southwest Third Ring Road in Beijing, belonging to the Fengtai Edge Group. The project is adjacent to the Southwest Third Ring Road, covering a total area of 82 hectares (1200 acres) and a total construction area of approximately 2 million square meters; The total population of future residents will reach over 30000, with more than 11000 households; The plot ratio is 2.26, with a total investment of approximately 6 billion yuan, developed until 2008. The area where Wannian Flower City is located is the Qiaonan New Area, which Fengtai District is striving to build and integrates residential, educational, tourism, high-tech, and commercial development. It is a new model of regional comprehensive development after Fangzhuang, Wangjing, and Yizhuang, with huge prospects and appreciation potential for the region.     Residence: Large residential communities such as Wannian Flower City, Yihai Garden, Third Ring New City, Future City, etc. Recommendation reason: Wannian Flower City has a superior geographical location and is located in a quiet area amidst the hustle and bustle of the Third Ring Road. The community has been well constructed in the early stages and has a pleasant environment. Suitable for those who choose to buy property in the southern part of Beijing. The above information is for reference only, and the final content announced by the developer shall prevail. Click to view more discounted real estate information. I would like to leave a comment
Real estate scholar Dong Fan: The recent rise in national housing prices is reasonable. The real estate market (real estate blog) has been supported by favorable policies for recovery, with concentrated demand and relatively insufficient supply. The financial pressure on enterprises has eased, and housing prices have shown a moderate but unexpected rebound. The debate on whether the real estate market has truly recovered has not yet subsided, and the market has suddenly become rapidly hot. According to statistics from the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Bureau of Statistics, in June, the sales prices of houses in 70 large and medium-sized cities across the country increased by 0.2% year-on-year, marking the first year-on-year increase this year; The month on month increase is 0.8%, marking the fourth consecutive month on month increase, and the growth rate continues to expand. The price of second-hand houses increased by 2.2% year-on-year, with a significant increase. Overall, the national housing prices are showing a trend of bottoming out and moderate rebound. People's attention is focused on the continuously rising housing prices. The rise in both quantity and price has come with a fierce momentum, catching buyers and even sellers off guard. The current rise in housing prices is directly related to the significant rebound in transaction volume in the real estate market since the beginning of this year.   In the first half of this year, the sales area of commercial housing in China exceeded 340 million square meters, a year-on-year increase of 31.7%. Among them, the sales area of commercial residential properties increased by 33.4%. The sales revenue of commercial housing reached 1.58 trillion yuan, a year-on-year increase of 53%; Sales of residential properties increased by 57.1%. Zhu Zhongyi, Secretary General of the China Real Estate Association, believes that with the gradual implementation of policies and measures introduced by the country and various regions to promote the healthy development of the real estate market, the transaction volume has grown rapidly, indicating that residents' confidence in housing consumption has significantly increased, and confidence in real estate development investment is gradually recovering.   On the other hand, during the adjustment period of the real estate market last year, investment was sluggish and new construction projects were significantly reduced, resulting in a relative shortage of market supply in the current and future periods. Under the influence of two factors, local areas in some cities are experiencing a shortage of supply, leading to rapid price increases. In the first half of this year, the funding source for real estate development enterprises was 2370.3 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase of 23.6%. Among them, domestic loans amounted to 538.1 billion yuan, an increase of 32.6%. Zhu Zhongyi believes that the financial situation of real estate enterprises has greatly improved compared to the end of last year, causing them to lose the motivation to reduce prices and promote sales. Compared to the Spring Festival period when the price reduction was the strongest, the price correction also manifested as an increase in price. From these factors, the recent rise in national housing prices is reasonable. The bottoming out and rebound of housing prices is also an important manifestation of market recovery, "said Dong Fan. Behind the rapid rise in housing prices in hot cities with hidden risks is the accelerated demand for investment vehicles, loosening of policies for second home loans, irrational "land grabbing" in the land market, and market panic caused by hoarding and reluctance to sell. While the overall housing prices in the country are showing a moderate rise, there are signs of overheating in some hot cities and regions. Since March, housing prices have risen rapidly in cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Guangzhou, and Shenzhen.   In the first half of the year, the average price of newly-built residential properties within the Fourth Ring Road in Beijing was 16967 yuan/square meter, an increase of 1843 yuan from the first quarter; The average price of pre-sale residential properties from the Fourth Ring Road to the Fifth Ring Road is 15748 yuan/square meter, an increase of 951 yuan from the first quarter. The selling prices of many projects have exceeded the highest prices during the overheated real estate market in 2007. The rapid rise in housing prices in hot cities is supported by both reasonable factors mentioned above and hidden factors with higher risks. In terms of demand, in addition to rigid demand entering the market in large quantities, under the psychological influence of future inflation expectations, investment demand and even speculative demand have entered the real estate market of hot cities in large quantities, pushing up housing prices. Wen Linfeng, Director of the Real Estate Research Department at the Policy Research Center of the Ministry of Housing and Urban Rural Development, revealed that currently, more than 40% of homebuyers in some cities are mainly investment oriented, including a large number of investors from other regions or even overseas. The relatively loose bank credit for personal housing mortgage loans, especially in some cities where the entry threshold for second home mortgage loans is artificially lowered, strongly supports the large demand for investment models entering the market. In the first half of this year, personal housing mortgage loans reached 282.9 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase of 63.1%. In the previous period, sales personnel of many projects privately promised buyers that they could cooperate with banks to purchase second or even third homes with a down payment of less than 30% and preferential interest rates. Wen Linfeng pointed out that in addition to normal investment demand, the central government has always been unwavering in suppressing speculative behavior in the real estate market. Even in times of market downturn, the central government's support policies only loosen the loan policy for improved self occupied housing, and there are still strict policy restrictions on second home loans. However, some commercial banks in certain regions have relaxed their policy boundaries in order to obtain profits and compete for personal mortgage loans, resulting in a significant loosening of loan policies. The heat of the real estate market is beginning to spread to the land market, with loose funds and optimistic expectations prompting real estate developers to boldly take out land once again. Hot areas in hot cities have recently broken records for being the "land king". At the same time, with the continuous rise of market heat, some cities have experienced common phenomena such as developers hoarding properties and inflating housing prices. These phenomena disrupt the normal market transaction order, causing panic among ordinary homebuyers and leading many to join the blind pursuit of price increases. Zhu Zhongyi believes that the purpose of implementing a series of policies at the end of last year was to stabilize housing prices. At present, the rapid rise in housing prices in some cities will inevitably bring many problems and potential risks. Stable supply is at the forefront, strict credit review, careful investigation of "land kings", and crackdown on violations. The "Urban Real Estate Management Law" has begun to be revised, focusing on stabilizing housing prices in hot cities. While the real estate market volume and price have risen in the first half of the year, the recovery speed of real estate investment is still slow. In the first half of this year, China completed a real estate development investment of 1.4505 trillion yuan, a year-on-year increase of 9.9%, a decrease of 23.6 percentage points from the same period last year. Among them, the investment in commercial residential properties reached 1018.9 billion yuan, a decrease of 29.3 percentage points from the same period last year. The newly started construction area of housing in China was 479 million square meters, a year-on-year decrease of 10.4%. Real estate development companies completed land purchases of 136.44 million square meters, a year-on-year decrease of 26.5%. According to Zhu Zhongyi, cities with large real estate market shares such as Beijing, Shanghai, Jiangsu, Fujian, and Guangdong have experienced varying degrees of decline in investment in commodity residential development in the first half of the year. Although these cities are pioneers in the recovery of the real estate market, overall, the investment confidence of enterprises is still recovering, and the foundation for the recovery of the real estate market is not yet stable. From a national perspective, there are significant regional differences in housing price changes. In June, 34 out of 70 large and medium-sized cities saw a year-on-year increase in the prices of newly-built commercial housing, while 63 cities saw a month on month increase. Wen Linfeng believes that in the coming period, the market trends of different cities will further differentiate. The regional differences in the real estate market are becoming increasingly evident, with the eastern region leading the recovery and rebound, but most of the real estate markets in the central and western regions are still sluggish. In this situation, although some hot cities are showing signs of overheating, it is not appropriate to immediately introduce nationwide and comprehensive regulatory measures to curb the real estate market, "said Wen Linfeng. Dong Fan believes that the sluggish real estate investment may exacerbate the market's supply shortage in the next two to three years, leading to further rapid price increases. At present, we should continue to provide moderately loose credit policies for high-quality real estate projects and self occupied and improved housing demand, in order to maintain a reasonable investment scale and encourage consumption of ordinary commodity housing. Meanwhile, local governments should continue to increase land supply and stabilize market expectations. In the context of the unstable recovery of the real estate market, the rapid rise in housing prices in hot cities and hot areas, as well as irrational behavior in the market, have attracted high attention from relevant departments. The relevant person in charge of the Ministry of Housing and Urban Rural Development stated that the focus will be on strengthening the analysis and guidance of new situations and problems in the real estate market of these cities, urging them to strengthen the two-way regulation of supply and demand, increase land supply, guide development enterprises to accelerate investment and construction, strictly implement personal housing loan policies, reasonably regulate housing demand, and strive to stabilize housing prices. Liao Min, spokesperson for the China Banking Regulatory Commission, recently stated that the commission will seriously supervise commercial banks to strictly conduct pre loan reviews and mortgage loan disbursement standards, strictly implement the face-to-face signing system for loan contracts, carefully verify the true situation of borrowers' down payments, and resolutely crack down on behaviors such as "fake mortgages, fake down payments, and fake housing prices". Any violations in the second home loan business will be promptly and seriously dealt with once discovered. The Ministry of Land and Resources is also closely monitoring the changes in the land market, especially conducting strict inspections and supervision on "land kings". The reporter learned that the Ministry of Housing and Urban Rural Development and other departments have launched the revision work of the Urban Real Estate Management Law. The focus of this revision will be on market regulation, clearly defining the rights, obligations, and responsibilities of residential consumers and real estate developers, and emphasizing the protection of residential consumers. Zhu Zhongyi said, "In the situation where the recovery is not yet stable, real estate companies should remain clear headed and not be overly optimistic about the situation." (Wang, Wei), I would like to comment on the preferential policies and support for the recovery of the real estate market (real estate blog), the concentrated outbreak of demand, the relative shortage of supply, the easing of financial pressure on enterprises, and the moderate but unexpected rebound in housing prices. The debate on whether the real estate market has truly recovered has not yet subsided, and the market has suddenly become rapidly hot. According to statistics from the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Bureau of Statistics, in June, the sales prices of houses in 70 large and medium-sized cities across the country increased by 0.2% year-on-year, marking the first year-on-year increase this year; The month on month increase is 0.8%, marking the fourth consecutive month on month increase, and the growth rate continues to expand. The price of second-hand houses increased by 2.2% year-on-year, with a significant increase. Overall, the national housing prices are showing a trend of bottoming out and moderate rebound. People's attention is focused on the continuously rising housing prices. The rise in both quantity and price has come with a fierce momentum, catching buyers and even sellers off guard. The current rise in housing prices is directly related to the significant rebound in transaction volume in the real estate market since the beginning of this year.   In the first half of this year, the sales area of commercial housing in China exceeded 340 million square meters, a year-on-year increase of 31.7%. Among them, the sales area of commercial residential properties increased by 33.4%. The sales revenue of commercial housing reached 1.58 trillion yuan, a year-on-year increase of 53%; Sales of residential properties increased by 57.1%. Zhu Zhongyi, Secretary General of the China Real Estate Association, believes that with the gradual implementation of policies and measures introduced by the country and various regions to promote the healthy development of the real estate market, the transaction volume has grown rapidly, indicating that residents' confidence in housing consumption has significantly increased, and confidence in real estate development investment is gradually recovering.   On the other hand, during the adjustment period of the real estate market last year, investment was sluggish and new construction projects were significantly reduced, resulting in a relative shortage of market supply in the current and future periods. Under the influence of two factors, local areas in some cities are experiencing a shortage of supply, leading to rapid price increases. In the first half of this year, the funding source for real estate development enterprises was 2370.3 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase of 23.6%. Among them, domestic loans amounted to 538.1 billion yuan, an increase of 32.6%. Zhu Zhongyi believes that the financial situation of real estate enterprises has greatly improved compared to the end of last year, causing them to lose the motivation to reduce prices and promote sales. Compared to the Spring Festival period when the price reduction was the strongest, the price correction also manifested as an increase in price. From these factors, the recent rise in national housing prices is reasonable. The bottoming out and rebound of housing prices is also an important manifestation of market recovery, "said Dong Fan. Behind the rapid rise in housing prices in hot cities with hidden risks is the accelerated demand for investment vehicles, loosening of policies for second home loans, irrational "land grabbing" in the land market, and market panic caused by hoarding and reluctance to sell. While the overall housing prices in the country are showing a moderate rise, there are signs of overheating in some hot cities and regions. Since March, housing prices have risen rapidly in cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Guangzhou, and Shenzhen.   In the first half of the year, the average price of newly-built residential properties within the Fourth Ring Road in Beijing was 16967 yuan/square meter, an increase of 1843 yuan from the first quarter; The average price of pre-sale residential properties from the Fourth Ring Road to the Fifth Ring Road is 15748 yuan/square meter, an increase of 951 yuan from the first quarter. The selling prices of many projects have exceeded the highest prices during the overheated real estate market in 2007. The rapid rise in housing prices in hot cities is supported by both reasonable factors mentioned above and hidden factors with higher risks. In terms of demand, in addition to rigid demand entering the market in large quantities, under the psychological influence of future inflation expectations, investment demand and even speculative demand have entered the real estate market of hot cities in large quantities, pushing up housing prices. Wen Linfeng, Director of the Real Estate Research Department at the Policy Research Center of the Ministry of Housing and Urban Rural Development, revealed that currently, more than 40% of homebuyers in some cities are mainly investment oriented, including a large number of investors from other regions or even overseas. The relatively loose bank credit for personal housing mortgage loans, especially in some cities where the entry threshold for second home mortgage loans is artificially lowered, strongly supports the large demand for investment models entering the market. In the first half of this year, personal housing mortgage loans reached 282.9 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase of 63.1%. In the previous period, sales personnel of many projects privately promised buyers that they could cooperate with banks to purchase second or even third homes with a down payment of less than 30% and preferential interest rates. Wen Linfeng pointed out that in addition to normal investment demand, the central government has always been unwavering in suppressing speculative behavior in the real estate market. Even in times of market downturn, the central government's support policies only loosen the loan policy for improved self occupied housing, and there are still strict policy restrictions on second home loans. However, some commercial banks in certain regions have relaxed their policy boundaries in order to obtain profits and compete for personal mortgage loans, resulting in a significant loosening of loan policies. The heat of the real estate market is beginning to spread to the land market, with loose funds and optimistic expectations prompting real estate developers to boldly take out land once again. Hot areas in hot cities have recently broken records for being the "land king". At the same time, with the continuous rise of market heat, some cities have experienced common phenomena such as developers hoarding properties and inflating housing prices. These phenomena disrupt the normal market transaction order, causing panic among ordinary homebuyers and leading many to join the blind pursuit of price increases. Zhu Zhongyi believes that the purpose of implementing a series of policies at the end of last year was to stabilize housing prices. At present, the rapid rise in housing prices in some cities will inevitably bring many problems and potential risks. Stable supply is at the forefront, strict credit review, careful investigation of "land kings", and crackdown on violations. The "Urban Real Estate Management Law" has begun to be revised, focusing on stabilizing housing prices in hot cities. While the real estate market volume and price have risen in the first half of the year, the recovery speed of real estate investment is still slow. In the first half of this year, China completed a real estate development investment of 1.4505 trillion yuan, a year-on-year increase of 9.9%, a decrease of 23.6 percentage points from the same period last year. Among them, the investment in commercial residential properties reached 1018.9 billion yuan, a decrease of 29.3 percentage points from the same period last year. The newly started construction area of housing in China was 479 million square meters, a year-on-year decrease of 10.4%. Real estate development companies completed land purchases of 136.44 million square meters, a year-on-year decrease of 26.5%. According to Zhu Zhongyi, cities with large real estate market shares such as Beijing, Shanghai, Jiangsu, Fujian, and Guangdong have experienced varying degrees of decline in investment in commodity residential development in the first half of the year. Although these cities are pioneers in the recovery of the real estate market, overall, the investment confidence of enterprises is still recovering, and the foundation for the recovery of the real estate market is not yet stable. From a national perspective, there are significant regional differences in housing price changes. In June, 34 out of 70 large and medium-sized cities saw a year-on-year increase in the prices of newly-built commercial housing, while 63 cities saw a month on month increase. Wen Linfeng believes that in the coming period, the market trends of different cities will further differentiate. The regional differences in the real estate market are becoming increasingly evident, with the eastern region leading the recovery and rebound, but most of the real estate markets in the central and western regions are still sluggish. In this situation, although some hot cities are showing signs of overheating, it is not appropriate to immediately introduce nationwide and comprehensive regulatory measures to curb the real estate market, "said Wen Linfeng. Dong Fan believes that the sluggish real estate investment may exacerbate the market's supply shortage in the next two to three years, leading to further rapid price increases. At present, we should continue to provide moderately loose credit policies for high-quality real estate projects and self occupied and improved housing demand, in order to maintain a reasonable investment scale and encourage consumption of ordinary commodity housing. Meanwhile, local governments should continue to increase land supply and stabilize market expectations. In the context of the unstable recovery of the real estate market, the rapid rise in housing prices in hot cities and hot areas, as well as irrational behavior in the market, have attracted high attention from relevant departments. The relevant person in charge of the Ministry of Housing and Urban Rural Development stated that the focus will be on strengthening the analysis and guidance of new situations and problems in the real estate market of these cities, urging them to strengthen the two-way regulation of supply and demand, increase land supply, guide development enterprises to accelerate investment and construction, strictly implement personal housing loan policies, reasonably regulate housing demand, and strive to stabilize housing prices. Liao Min, spokesperson for the China Banking Regulatory Commission, recently stated that the commission will seriously supervise commercial banks to strictly conduct pre loan reviews and mortgage loan disbursement standards, strictly implement the face-to-face signing system for loan contracts, carefully verify the true situation of borrowers' down payments, and resolutely crack down on behaviors such as "fake mortgages, fake down payments, and fake housing prices". Any violations in the second home loan business will be promptly and seriously dealt with once discovered. The Ministry of Land and Resources is also closely monitoring the changes in the land market, especially conducting strict inspections and supervision on "land kings". The reporter learned that the Ministry of Housing and Urban Rural Development and other departments have launched the revision work of the Urban Real Estate Management Law. The focus of this revision will be on market regulation, clearly defining the rights, obligations, and responsibilities of residential consumers and real estate developers, and emphasizing the protection of residential consumers. Zhu Zhongyi said, "In the situation where the recovery is not yet stable, real estate companies should remain clear headed and not be overly optimistic about the situation." (Wang, Wei), I would like to comment
Ren Zhiqiang turns over: The government is targeted, and the number of supporters is increasing. Nowadays, fewer people scold Ren Zhiqiang (Ren Zhiqiang's blog) on the Internet, and more people approve of him. This is mainly due to Ren Zhiqiang's correct prediction of the real estate market trend in recent years, while at the same time, Ren Zhiqiang has directed more criticism towards government policies.   Sometimes I publish two articles on my blog in a day, with a maximum of four to five thousand words, "Ren Zhiqiang frowned as he spoke, but his tone was gentle. He pointed to a stack of papers beside him and said, "You see, there are still a lot of media invitations here. As long as I have time, I will try my best to satisfy them." Yi Xianrong, a researcher at the Institute of Finance of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, often has a different view on the real estate market from Ren Zhiqiang, so he is considered an old rival of Ren Zhiqiang. Yi Xianrong is known for his large amount of writing and high income from royalties. The reporter asked Ren Zhiqiang, has your income from royalties exceeded that of Yi Xianrong? Ren Zhiqiang stated that he does not know how much of his royalties are, as they are all handled by his secretary. I've probably paid off all of my royalties, "he added.   A netizen once listed "the ten people most wanted to fight in China", and Ren Zhiqiang ranked third. Despite the boiling public opinion, Ren Zhiqiang still followed through with his words, but he appropriately changed his communication strategy. In order to express his views more fully, Ren Zhiqiang opened up a platform on Sina Blog and published his own articles. Sometimes he also posts his speech on a certain forum online or further explains his views on the forum through his blog. After several years of persistence, Ren Zhiqiang gradually achieved success. According to statistics from Sina.com, before 2006, the majority of comments on Ren Zhiqiang's blog were insulting and abusive, to the extent that Sina had to block some insulting and abusive comments; In 2007, the proportion of abusive comments began to decrease, while the number of supportive comments gradually increased; After 2008, those who criticized Ren Zhiqiang became a minority, while those who supported him accounted for the majority. Not only that, some media have also begun to actively extend olive branches to Ren Zhiqiang, inviting him to submit articles, hoping that he can fully express his views through the media. Ren Zhiqiang has always had a detached attitude towards others' evaluations. He said he basically doesn't read the comments on his blog, and he knows that there are still people scolding him. But verbal abuse is unreasonable and does not solve the problem. I welcome serious and serious discussions on the issue, because truth is not debatable and unclear. "In the eyes of people in the real estate industry, Ren Zhiqiang's views are increasingly valued because facts have educated everyone. In 2007, Yi Xianrong said that there were a lot of foam in the real estate market, and house prices would fall sharply. At that time, Ren Zhiqiang believed that housing prices would continue to rise, and as a result, in 2007, housing prices in most cities in China showed an accelerated upward trend.   The fact once again confirms Ren Zhiqiang's viewpoint: "Some people believe that my opinions on the real estate industry are based on considerations of industry and group interests, but in fact, I make judgments based on government policies and market rules. Some people do not listen to me, resulting in losses," Ren Zhiqiang said. For the vast majority of netizens, the reason for giving up the campaign against Ren Zhiqiang is because Ren Zhiqiang has directed his criticism more towards government policies.   Long term optimism and short-term caution. The reporter once asked several real estate industry insiders who has made more accurate predictions about the real estate market in recent years, and the answer is "Ren Zhiqiang". And whenever new policies are introduced in the real estate sector, most people are accustomed to singing praises, but Ren Zhiqiang dares to point out the problems in government policies. Over the years, Lao Ren has become an opinion leader in the real estate industry. Why can we make correct judgments on the trend of real estate multiple times? Ren Zhiqiang's explanation for this is that his short-term and long-term judgments on the Chinese real estate market are based on completely different criteria.   He believes that in the long run, Chinese real estate prices will continue to rise. But Ren Zhiqiang's judgment on the short-term trend of the real estate market is random, and the main determining factor is government policies. In Ren Zhiqiang's view, in the past 30 years, only Document No. 23 of 1998 has been a long-term policy. It stipulated that housing could be privatized, and after that, a series of other land and credit policies, including the "National Six Measures" and "National Eight Measures", were short-term policies. Relying solely on short-term policies to adjust the real estate market is very dangerous, "Ren Zhiqiang believes. The downside of short-term policies is that they can easily trigger market fluctuations.   Real estate investment is a long-term investment. For real estate enterprises, if they obtain 1 million square meters of construction land, it will take three development cycles, about 5 years, and require mid to long term market forecasts. However, real estate companies have now formed a habit of believing that the country will introduce new real estate policies every year. Many real estate companies decide their investments for the next year based on the policies introduced this year. The situation of this policy being 'short-term' can easily lead to short-term supply shortages or oversupply in the real estate market. Therefore, Ren Zhiqiang strongly urges that in order to maintain long-term stability in the real estate market, it is necessary to establish a long-term stable housing policy or introduce the Housing Law as soon as possible. Ren Zhiqiang introduced that developed countries in Europe and America have enacted "Housing Laws", and countries in Asia such as Japan and Singapore also have specific legislation for real estate. The Housing Law should mainly stipulate what the goals of residents' housing are and how to achieve them. Legislation can solve many problems in the current real estate market, and at the same time, legislation can also address corruption issues in the real estate sector. It is necessary to emphasize that although Ren Zhiqiang believes that the real estate market will improve in the long run, he actually holds a cautious attitude towards the short-term trend of the real estate market. Under the leadership of Ren Zhiqiang, Huayuan Real Estate (Enterprise Zone, its properties) was listed on the A-share market in China in 2008, becoming a state-owned holding listed company.   Because Ren Zhiqiang clearly told the staff who went to participate in the auction that Huayuan Real Estate can only acquire land within a controllable price range of risks, and cannot acquire sky high priced land. Huayuan Real Estate will never do anything beyond its risk tolerance. Ren Zhiqiang stated that real estate companies must develop sky high priced land only when the market situation is favorable and real estate prices are soaring in order to make a profit. The investment of Huayuan Real Estate must first consider the cost of capital and the risk of policy changes. It is necessary to consider whether the enterprise can bear these risks in the event of a poor market. In 2008, when the market was not doing well, many real estate companies couldn't hold on, and some relatively conservative companies managed to overcome the difficulties. I am optimistic about the real estate market in the long run, but cautious or pessimistic in the short term. Because we cannot accurately know the government's policy direction, "Ren Zhiqiang said frankly. Regarding the question of why central enterprises dare to ignore costs and acquire land at high prices, Ren Zhiqiang believes that the current land bidding, auction, and listing system actually conceals an unfairness, that is, the financing cost of central enterprises is low, with an annual financing cost of only 3%, while the annual financing cost of other real estate enterprises may reach 5% or 6%. When the real estate market is sluggish, private enterprises may encounter the problem of capital chain breakage, while central enterprises do not have such a problem. State owned enterprises acquire land at high prices, and if real estate prices temporarily decline, they can also endure until the real estate prices are suitable before selling. Ren Zhiqiang's unrestrained evaluation of the real estate market and criticism of government policies, not only causing trouble for himself but also for Huayuan Real Estate, will not be troubled by the "59 year old phenomenon". A director of the Ministry of Construction once called Ren Zhiqiang for more than three hours over a blog post, discussing issues with him and hoping that he would revise the blog article. Some of Ren Zhiqiang's blog posts are also very short-lived. They were only published for one or two hours before being withdrawn at the request of certain government departments. Ren Zhiqiang, born in 1951, is already 58 years old this year. He said that as he grows older, he will become more easy-going and try to express as few opposing views as possible to the general public. For the problems that still exist in the real estate industry, he will use his position as Vice President of the China Real Estate Research Association and other positions to report to relevant departments through internal reference. Ren Zhiqiang, who is approaching retirement age, sympathizes deeply with Chu Shijian, the former chairman of Hongta Group. After Chu Shijian was released from prison, he grew citrus fruits in Yunnan and is currently worth over 100 million yuan. He took so much money at that time, maybe just wanted to do something after retirement, "sighed Ren Zhiqiang. However, Ren Zhiqiang is not worried about being troubled by the "59 year old phenomenon". According to the annual report of Huayuan Real Estate, Ren Zhiqiang's annual salary in 2008 was as high as 7.74 million yuan. Despite widespread criticism from the outside world, Ren Zhiqiang still insists that it is his own labor income. At present, Ren Zhiqiang is still like a winding mainspring, working an average of 15 to 16 hours a day. In addition to handling corporate affairs, he also has to participate in a large number of social activities, so his schedule is usually arranged in units of fifteen minutes. Ren Zhiqiang's secretary introduced that he is very punctual. The company starts work at 8:30, and as long as he is not outside for meetings, Ren Zhiqiang always arrives at the office on time and is never late. However, Ren Zhiqiang has now started planning his retirement life. On his desk filled with documents, there is a photo of his daughter. Ren Zhiqiang's daughter is in her teens and due to busy work, he rarely has time to spend with her. Ren Zhiqiang said that after retirement, he will definitely spend more time with his daughter. In the process of his daughter's growth, Ren Zhiqiang found that China's investment in early childhood education was seriously insufficient, and the cost of children attending kindergarten was close to that of attending university. Ren Zhiqiang plans to open a kindergarten after retirement. Spending every day with children, joyfully passing each day. Ren Zhiqiang also plans to write books and speeches after retirement, covering both industry events and his own personal growth experiences. Ren Zhiqiang enjoys playing bridge in his spare time and is the vice chairman of the Chinese Bridge Association. However, Ren Zhiqiang stated that nowadays, most of the business negotiations are based on opportunities to play bridge or golf. After retirement, he can play bridge easily and happily.     In December 2005, Ren Zhiqiang stated that "buying and selling are reasonable, speculation in real estate is innocent, and prohibiting speculation in real estate is unconstitutional." The market should have both buying and selling, and without circulation and buying and selling, it is not called a market. The so-called "real estate speculation" refers to the buying and selling of real estate. Commercial housing is a commodity, and commodities are used for buying and selling. Prohibiting "real estate speculation" means prohibiting the buying and selling of commodities, which is a violation of the Constitution. The real estate industry is not a profiteering industry, and there are not as many 'house slaves' as people imagine. The pricing of commercial housing does not need to be supervised. "- In October 2006, Ren Zhiqiang said that the real estate industry is not a profiteering industry. However, Ren Zhiqiang later stated that although the real estate industry as a whole does not have huge profits, some developers that are sought after by consumers have huge profits. Why should developers disclose their housing costs? Will your wife tell everyone how big her breasts are? "- In December 2006, Phoenix TV invited Ren Zhiqiang as a guest to record a program called" Should Housing Costs be Publicly Reported? "Ren Zhiqiang said that allowing developers to disclose their costs is like disclosing his wife's measurements. Ren Zhiqiang explained on the same day that commercial housing belongs to private housing and is purchased by middle and high-income families, and the cost is not easy to disclose; Economically affordable housing and affordable housing are part of the social security system and belong to public housing, and their costs should be disclosed. In the past, China used to be a 'poor area', but now it is normal for 'poor areas' and' rich areas' to appear. Just like allowing some people to become rich first, we also need to let some people move into the 'rich areas' first. "- In February 2007, Ren Zhiqiang said that the emergence of' poor areas' and 'rich areas' is normal, and some people who become rich first should be allowed to move into the' rich areas'. Later, Ren Zhiqiang explained that he had never proposed the idea of distinguishing between the poor and the rich in the construction of new cities. Instead, he believed that buildings and residential areas with different income levels would inevitably emerge in the process of economic development and urban construction. Buying a house with small property rights is like stealing something, and it should be completely destroyed. "- In January 2008, Ren Zhiqiang said on a TV program that buying a house with small property rights is not protected by law, and that buying a house with small property rights is itself an illegal act, just like stealing someone else's things, and all houses with small property rights should be destroyed. Encouraging the legalization of small property rights houses is also encouraging illegal activities. From a historical perspective, housing prices have always been on the rise and can only decline when the economy deteriorates. "- In June 2008, Ren Zhiqiang stated at the Boao Real Estate Forum Annual Conference that in the long run, real estate prices will always rise.   In the long run, Chinese real estate prices will continue to rise.   In contrast, housing prices are products that have risen relatively low since 1978. (Source: China's New Era, Author: Liu Liang), I would like to comment
The hearing on the freezing of assets of Huang Guangyu will be held in Hong Kong next month. The Hong Kong High Court has arranged a hearing on September 8th regarding the order to freeze the assets of Huang Guangyu, former chairman of the board of directors of Gome Electric Holdings Limited.       The Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission has submitted an application to the court requesting that Huang Guangyu and other relevant parties be awarded compensation for the losses caused to Gome Electric. The specific compensation amount is unknown. Huang Guangyu and his relatives hold a 34% stake in Gome Electric Appliances. I want to comment
When the National College English Test (CET-4 and CET-6) transitions from the traditional "PBT" (Paper Based Test) to "IBT" (Internet Based Test), there have been significant changes in the setting of question types, focus of examination, question angles, and operational methods. Faced with various changes in the format and content of the CET-4 and CET-6 computer-based exams, candidates should undergo some training in advance, and I believe they can also cope smoothly. In the traditional CET-4 and CET-6 exams, listening and reading have the same proportion, but computer-based exams have overturned this situation by placing more emphasis on listening, which accounts for 70% of the total score.   The composition adopts the "listening+writing" mode, and the writing part of the computer-based test also incorporates listening requirements. The system first clips a previously watched video and plays it again, and then leads to the writing question from this video. Candidates are required not only to retell the details provided in the video, but also to express their own viewpoints. A typical form of testing that integrates listening and writing is the Integrated Language Test. If a candidate does not understand the video content on the basis of comprehension, they cannot successfully complete the writing.   For many candidates who dare not speak up on a regular basis, this is undoubtedly a huge challenge. For this link, remind the examinee to adjust the microphone volume of the computer before the test. When following, it is best to read aloud so that the computer can better record the sound, and the pronunciation should be clear, paying attention to intonation and rhythm. Compared with traditional written exams, the most obvious difference in the answering speed of computer-based exams is that the exam medium has changed from black and white to a computer and keyboard.   The traditional written exams of CET-4 and CET-6 focus on reading ability and vocabulary testing, while the computer-based full voice mode puts higher demands on candidates' listening skills: because computer-based answers cannot be revised. Each multiple-choice question in the computer-based exam has a reserved answer time of 15 seconds. First listen to the recording, then read the question; As long as the recording of each question is played, the countdown starts immediately in the upper right corner of the screen. Candidates must select an answer within 15 seconds and automatically switch to the next question as soon as the time is up. Candidates can only do the questions in order and cannot jump to answer them. Moreover, once they click "OK" on the completed questions, they cannot go back and make changes. Therefore, candidates should consider everything comprehensively before submitting. With such a fast-paced and high-intensity exam format, the requirements for candidates' attention, judgment, and reaction speed are even higher. Therefore, candidates should conduct simulations in their daily lives to avoid being overwhelmed by excessive nervousness during the exam and neglecting one aspect over another. Try to arrive at the exam center as early as possible to adapt to the exam environment. When entering the exam room, carefully check the hardware equipment, especially headphones and microphones, and adjust the output and input volume. *It is recommended that candidates bring paper and pen when allowed, and if necessary, record key information from video materials. Especially for writing questions, when watching videos, it is advisable to jot down keywords and integrate key information to alleviate memory pressure and aid in organizing the writing process. There is no doubt about self training. Faced with a new form of examination, candidates will inevitably have many discomforts. How to train regularly in order to perform at the appropriate level in the CET-4 and CET-6 computer-based exams? Shen Ang, the director of the domestic department at Shanghai New Oriental School, has summarized four suggestions for candidates: 1. Familiarize oneself with keyboard English input. The format of computer-based exams has undergone significant changes, and all questions must be completed on the computer. In addition to multiple-choice questions, students also need to write words and essays based on the listening content. Moreover, the computer reserves very little time for candidates to answer questions, so it requires candidates to be able to proficiently input English words using a keyboard. Taking the video dictation question in listening as an example, candidates need to fill in 10 words, but the time limit is 15 seconds. For many candidates, if it is a written test format, there is more than enough time to answer the questions. However, in computer-based exams, many candidates cannot fill in completely due to their typing speed, and the system directly moves on to the next part, which is very regrettable. In addition, the form of keyboard input in English for video writing also makes it difficult for many candidates to adapt. Therefore, the author suggests practicing keyboard English input more in daily life, insisting on practicing English typing speed, and adapting to the changes in computer-based exams from a formal perspective. 2. Accustomed to screen reading, all questions in computer-based exams are displayed intuitively on the computer screen, which is very different from traditional reading comprehension. For long English articles, many candidates often find it difficult to adapt. Therefore, the author suggests using computers to read English materials online during the preparation process, spending a certain amount of time logging into English websites such as The New York Times, Newsweek, Time Magazine, Reader's Digest, etc. every day, and getting used to reading English articles on the screen. This can improve the reading speed in the CET-4 and CET-6 computer-based exams and make it easier to adapt during the actual exam. Moreover, reading a large amount of authentic articles can broaden one's knowledge and be very helpful for exams. 3. Conduct more dictation and recitation training. For the recitation questions in computer-based exams, candidates should practice reciting English dialogues or articles as much as possible, imitating the pronunciation and intonation of native speakers. If possible, record the content of their recitation and compare it with the original pronunciation to understand their pronunciation deficiencies and improve their oral skills. 4. Watch more English videos. In order to better complete the video news questions in the listening section, candidates should go to foreign websites such as BBC, CNN, VOA, or domestic English radio stations or websites such as CCTV9 and ICS to watch English video programs during regular training, understand the characteristics of English videos, familiarize themselves with some hot topics, and accumulate more knowledge of current affairs news or special programs discussing hot topics. This is very beneficial for taking exams.
Spicy evaluation of English CET-4 and CET-6: Can this exam be changed? As soon as the controversy over the college English CET-4 and CET-6 exam dissipated, the media exposed collective cheating scandals that had occurred in many places. The large number of cheaters, blatant attitude, and innovative methods reported in the report have once again posed a crisis of trust for this exam. In fact, negative news about the CET-4 and CET-6 exams is no longer considered news. In recent years, reports of leaked test questions, ghosttaking by gunmen, and dissemination of answers through various communication devices have frequently appeared in newspapers; It is not difficult to advertise modern exams, sell answers, or handle fake certificates in any university. Simply condemning candidates for not maintaining integrity is probably not enough, and deeper reasons should be pursued. The purpose of setting up this exam is to test candidates' proficiency in English and their practical ability to use it. However, the specific practical effects are far from this original intention. In mother tongue learning, young children who "babble" can speak and hear fluently in one or two years; By the time they graduate from elementary school, children can acquire comprehensive reading and writing skills.   It is precisely because of the "baton" effect of various exams that English teaching has deviated from the fundamental goal of "improving practical skills" and become an authentic exam oriented education. In order to facilitate the exam, the most important listening and speaking skills in information communication are ignored, and written reading and writing abilities are emphasized. From the beginning, it is necessary to memorize vocabulary, grammar, read articles, and write essays. In addition, the teaching process revolves around exams and is seriously disconnected from daily life. We do not learn in situations such as life and work, but instead turn English learning into answering standardized test questions. In a series of vocabulary and grammar questions, reading comprehension questions, and standardized choice items, language knowledge is fragmented and fragmented.   The "exam oriented" nature of English teaching is also due to the fact that for some students, it is a "useless learning". In daily life, they do not have to deal with foreigners; In work and study, they do not need to read foreign language materials.   Their main purpose in learning it is to prepare for exams. Language is a tool for information exchange, and only by learning and using it in interpersonal communication and in real life can one easily master it proficiently. Without practical use, learning and memorizing language as rigid knowledge is naturally dull and ineffective. Besides students, others probably don't really take 'improving English proficiency' seriously. That's right, on the surface, everyone attaches great importance to this exam: the competent authorities regard it as an important part of assessing universities; Universities regard it as an important indicator for mutual comparison, and even link it with graduation certificates and degree certificates; Employers consider it as a prerequisite for hiring, evaluating professional titles, or promoting employees, even if their work is unrelated to English; But in fact, what everyone is concerned about is only "passing or not" and "high or low grades", and as for the real English proficiency, it is probably ignored. Where does the legitimacy and rationality of such an exam come from?   Even if they put in these efforts, there is still a possibility that they may not pass the exam, and as a result, they may lose their graduation certificate, degree certificate, and job opportunity. Who is willing to pay attention to and discuss whether this is reasonable or not? Perhaps the "value" of the CET-4 and CET-6 exams lies more outside of the exams. Billions of exam fees, billions of teaching aids and training market size, if an exam needs to be maintained in this way, should it really be changed.
Teacher's guidance: There are still 40 days left until the CET-4 and CET-6 exams on June 19, 2010. We believe that candidates are preparing in an orderly manner. Whether you are confident or lack confidence, we hope that everyone can concentrate their energy, constantly break through, and maintain a good attitude in the last month to welcome the June exam. 4、 Renowned writer Wang Zhaofei, based on years of experience in coaching CET-4 and CET-6, has summarized the following writing ideas and problem-solving skills for everyone. He hopes to help everyone continuously improve their writing skills in the last month and break through the high scores of CET-4 and CET-6 at once. The writing problem-solving time is 30 minutes, divided into three steps: 5 minutes for reviewing and brainstorming, 20 minutes for writing, and 5 minutes for checking for possible mistakes. Below is a step-by-step explanation. Step 1: Carefully review the topic and fully utilize the keyword brainstorming method. In fact, more than 30 minutes of writing time are provided. Generally speaking, each examination room will distribute the answer sheet to students about 5 minutes in advance, and larger examination rooms may even distribute the paper 10 minutes in advance. Students are not allowed to answer during these 5 to 10 minutes, but candidates can use them to review and conceptualize the essay section. Be careful when reviewing the topic, write according to the requirements, and do not make unauthorized changes to the topic. The given outline must not have any omissions, otherwise points will be deducted proportionally. Pay special attention not to blindly copy similar articles just because you have memorized or practiced them beforehand. Otherwise, the consequences will be very serious.   But the outline of the real exam does not require candidates to analyze the problem, instead there are two paragraphs to write about solving the problem. Some candidates simply copy the mock exam samples they have seen or memorized, resulting in a loss of points. Additionally, ideation is not about drafting.   Due to limited time in the exam room, it may not be possible to transcribe after finishing the draft. Additionally, a more important reason is that no draft paper is distributed in the exam room, and it is generally not allowed to bring paper inside, making it difficult to find a place to draft. Candidates only need to spend three to five minutes brainstorming, imagining roughly what each paragraph should write, and remembering a few keywords (such as in the blank space of the admission ticket) to remind themselves. In the next twenty minutes, they can expand according to the content prompted by these keywords. Generally speaking, the CET-4 essay requires no less than 120 words, preferably between 150 and 180 words; The requirement for a CET-6 essay is no less than 150 words, preferably between 180 and 200 words. In terms of sentence count, if divided into three paragraphs, each paragraph would consist of only three to five sentences, averaging four sentences per paragraph. So the entire article can be well conceived with about 10 keywords. Taking the June 2009 CET-6 writing test as an example. Directions:,For,this,part,you,are,allowed,30,minutes,to,write,a,short,essay,entitled,On,the,Importance,of,a,Name.,You,should,write,at,least,150,words,following,the,outline,given,below。 1. Some people say that a name (or title) is important. 2. Some people think that a name (or title) is not important. 3. I think... When brainstorming the first paragraph, think of a sentence that can be used as a prelude, such as "whether a name is important or not is a controversial topic". You can write "controversial" or "topic" as keywords; The next sentence is' Someone says that a name (or name) is important ', you can write' important 'first. Think of two more reasons or examples in the future. Reasons such as "good names are easy to remember, which can give people more opportunities" (keywords remember or opportunity), and "names given according to traditional theories may have a hidden protective effect on people" (keywords tradition or shelter); For example, some people believe that Mao Zedong was great because of his grandiose name, while Bill and Gates were wealthy because his name could represent money, and his surname could represent many gates where money came from. The second and third relationships follow the same principle. Actually, once the first paragraph is thought out, the last two paragraphs will become easier. For example, the second paragraph can reverse the reasons or examples from the first paragraph, and the third paragraph can summarize or compromise. It's relatively easy to write enough words. Step 2: The 5C rule to follow for high writing scores: 1. Clear handwriting and paragraphs: The font should not be too large or too small, with a line spacing of one-third to one-half being appropriate; In addition, the size should be consistent, not too big or too small; The inclination direction of the letters should be consistent and not crooked; Write against the given dashed line, without jumping up or down; In short, it is important to give the examiners a clear and organized feeling. The paragraph is usually three paragraphs, using a paragraph indentation style, where each paragraph begins with a space of 4 to 8 letters. The amount of indentation at the beginning of each paragraph should be consistent to make it clear to the examiner. 2. The content is complete and closely follows the outline: Generally speaking, the CET-6 writing will provide a three-point Chinese outline, and candidates should strictly follow the three points to write three paragraphs. Do not make any omissions, and do not arbitrarily change the order of the key points in the outline. Because the examiners need about 30 seconds to score, they do not want to see essays that deviate significantly from the outline. 3. The first step is to ensure correctness, and then seek correction: This is the most crucial point, because in situations where writing time and length are relatively short, the content written by candidates is almost the same, and the only criterion for judgment is almost the quality of language. First and foremost, it is important to ensure correct grammar and spelling, even when using small words or short sentences. If you have the ability, pursue brilliant words and phrases. For example, when writing an essay for June 2009, a candidate wrote the following opening sentence: There,is,no,denying,the,fact,that,the,vital,of,name,has,been,a,hotly,debated,topic,in,China., This sentence is based on the sentence I have given in my previous sample essays. The basic structure is correct, but there are two obvious errors. One is' vital ', which is an adjective, but here it should be a noun. The author may want to replace 'importance' with a powerful word to show the diversity of words used, but the result is counterproductive. Another mistake is that there should be an article 'a' before 'name', which was actually given in the title. However, this student overlooked it and lacked basic grammar awareness. In fact, common grammar errors in essays include not only article errors, but also tense errors, singular and plural errors in nouns and verbs, inconsistent pronouns, part of speech errors, and incomplete subject verb errors in sentences. Be cautious when writing. The length relationship cannot be elaborated here. 4. Summarize first and then divide, using conjunctions (coherent): This refers to the issue of paragraph structure and coherence. English articles tend to have a general and then specific structure, or to get straight to the point. In addition, the formal connections between paragraphs and sentences are particularly evident, with a lot of conjunctions used. When writing, it is almost enough to use the given three-point outline as the opening sentence of each paragraph, and then add two or three extension sentences such as reasons or examples. Of course, sometimes in order to argue naturally or expand the word count, a little introductory sentence can also be added. The opening sentence of the June 2009 essay can be either Some, people, claim, that, names, are, of, great, importance, or There,is,no,denying,the,fact,that,it,is,a,controversial,topic,whether,names,are,important,or,not., Then let's talk about Some, hold, the, positive, and view. Add two or three more sentences of argumentation afterwards. It is best to have conjunctions between argumentative or extended sentences, such as First, Second, Relatives, Also, Similar, In, the, same, way, However, and so on. 5. Concise language and appropriate arguments: Do not? Verbal, do not repeat or pile up too much. Some candidates memorize some classic sentence patterns and use them all to make up for words, giving people a low-level feeling. As the last paragraph was written by a classmate: As,far,as,I,am,concerned,,weighing,the,pros,and,cons,of,the,arguments,,I,am,inclined,to,agree,with,the,latter,point,of,view., Actually, just use one of As, far, as, I, am, concerned, weighing, the, pro, and, cons, of, the, arguments. In addition, although the content is not as important as language, it will definitely affect the score. Candidates should practice as much as possible in their daily lives, in order to quickly come up with strong reasons and relevant examples in the exam room. In addition, one should have the courage to express their thoughts and not blindly hold back in order to ensure language correctness, only saying some elementary school words. If a classmate wrote in the first paragraph of their 2009 exam: Some,people,think,that,names,are,important.,They,say,that,,if,a,person,has,a,name,,we,can,remember,him.,If,he,does,not,have,a,name,,we,cannot,remember,him., This kind of composition has no language errors, but it definitely won't get a high score. Step 3: Check vocabulary spelling and grammar, and pay attention to correction methods. In fact, candidates should be cautious and careful when writing, avoiding errors. However, even so, there will still be mistakes, including grammar and spelling errors, especially for students who lack practice in their daily lives. So you need to take a few minutes to read through, check and correct it. Please note that you need to correct some grammar or spelling errors, rather than making major changes to the content. In other words, you need to correct some words or phrases, not the entire sentence or paragraph, as this can cause confusion on the paper and result in a low score. To avoid errors in content, one must think carefully when brainstorming and be cautious when writing. Also, when correcting mistakes, attention should be paid to the method. Try not to use correction fluid or tape to avoid suspicion of cheating, and do not draw too much on one word, which will affect the cleanliness of the paper. Generally, you can use a diagonal line to cross out the wrong word and then write the correct one above it, or gently remove the wrong word with tape or a blade and then write the correct one in its original position. Attachment: Reference Sample for June 2009 CET-6 Writing Test Questions On,the,Importance,of,a,NameThere,is,no,denying,the,fact,that,it,is,a,controversial,topic,whether,names,are,important,or,not.,Some,hold,the,positive,view.,They,claim,that,a,good,name,,or,a,name,that,can,be,easily,remembered,,can,bring,one,a,lot,more,opportunities,than,others.,Some,Chinese,may,also,believe,that,a,name,designed,according,to,the,traditional,theory,of,five,elements,can,bring,good,luck。 Others,,however,,hold,the,opposite,view.,They,argue,that,a,name,is,nothing,but,a,code,to,distinguish,one,from,another.,A,person,“good”,name,may,not,be,as,successful,as,the,name,indicates.,In,the,same,way,,a,person,who,has,a,common,or,casually,given,name,can,also,achieve,tremendous,success。 Personally,,I,believe,that,both,sides,have,something,right,,so,we,should,not,go,to,extremes.,On,the,one,hand,,we,have,to,admit,that,a,well,designed,name,can,help,a,person,to,some,extent.,On,the,other,hand,,we,should,not,exaggerate,the,effect,of,a,name,on,a,person’s,fate.,Anyway,,a,person’s,success,mainly,depends,on,his,hard,work,and,desirable,personalities。 (186,words)
The registration for the December 2009 English Test Band 4 and Band 6 in Shanghai is about to begin. The December 2009 National College English Test Band 4 and Band 6 will be held on Saturday, December 19th. The specific exam schedule is as follows: English Test Band 4, 9:00-11:20 am, English Test Band 6, 3:00-5:20 pm. According to the work arrangement of the Examination Center of the Ministry of Education, all schools in Shanghai must complete the registration work before October 10th. The specific arrangements will be uniformly arranged and publicized by the school's academic affairs office. Candidates are required to complete the registration within the prescribed time of their school, and no make-up registration is allowed after the deadline. Students who have already set up examination centers at their schools are not allowed to register for exams across schools. Registration qualifications: 1. Full time undergraduate, junior college, and graduate students in regular higher education institutions; 2. Undergraduate and vocational students in various full-time adult higher education institutions; 3. Only students who have completed the College English Test Band 4 can apply for CET4; 4. Students who have a score of 425 or above in the College English Test Band 4 (including 425 points) or have obtained a College English Test Band 4 certificate before June 2005 can only apply for CET6 after completing the College English Test Band 6 course.
Practical Handbook: Key Phrases for English Test Band 4 and Band 6: Abide, by, conform, to,, complex, with, comply (be), abundant, in (be, rich, in), rich, in (be, rich, in), in,terms,of, According to take... into, account (take, into, consideration) ... Consider on, no, account (=in, no, case, for, no, reason) and never adapt, one oneself, to (=adjust, one oneself, to), to adapt oneself to in, addition, to (=as, well, as) except for... in advance, preview, etc. Take, advantage, of (=make, the, best, of, make, use, of). In, the air is uncertain, according to rumors. appeal,to,sb.,for,sth., Appeal to someone for something , appeal,to,sb., Be attractive to someone, approve of, approve of, approve of, approve of, approve of, approve of, approve of, approve of, approve of, approve of, approve of, approve of, approve of, approve of, approve of, approve of, approve of, approve of, in,favour,of, Agree to assure, sb., of, sth to make, an, attend, at, doing, sth., (to, do, sth.), attempt to do, attend, take care of attributes... to. Attributed to ., contribute,to, be conducive to, due,to, It is because at, one's, back supports, maintains on, the, basis, of, according to... for, the, benefit, of, for the benefit of... get, the, better, of, (=defeat, sb.), defeats in, bloom in bulk, centers in batches, on (=focus, on), focuses attention on... by chance (=accidental, by, with, etc.), charges someone with... round, the, clock (commit day and night, one oneself, to, committed to compare... with).... Compare... with, compare…to…, Compare... to... on, condition, that, (if) if, in,the,event,thatconfide,in, To be honest, be,confronted,with, Facing, facing in, connection with, being aware of, of (=be, aware, of), knowing consent, to agree under, consideration, in consideration, of (=be, composed, of) is a contrast composed of..., to, (opposite, to), in contrast to..., contrast, to/with, and... forms a contrast by, contrast, in contrast, by,comparison, Compared to 'at, all, costs',' go, to, any, length ',' by, all, means', 'do whatever it takes'. at,the,cost,of, At the cost of... to, one's, credit to make someone feel proud be, critical of, picky, dissatisfied with being out of date; Up, to, date recent, trendy; , Date, back, to backtrack; , Date, from a certain period of time on, the, decline, in decline, in decrease, demand, drive, sb., of, sth., deprive someone or something of their possession, from, deviate from fall, back, retreat dispose of, get, ride, of, throw, away, deal with beyond, dispute, indisputable, in,dispute, In the controversy, distinguish... from... do, away, with, abolish, kill on, earth, after all, at, easy in the world go, into, effect, take effect , come,into,effect; , take,effect, Start effective place (or, put, lay), an, emphasis, on, emphasize... on at, one's, wit's, end, end, come, to, and, end, (finish), end enter, for, sign up to be, entitlement, to have the right..., eligibility... be, equipped, with, equipped with in, essay, essentially at, all, events, no matter what, at,any,rate, Anyway, in, the, event, of (=in, case, of), what if with, the, exception, of (apart, from), except Except for..., in, excess, of exceeds exchange... for, exchanging exercise, one oneself, to, do, sth., striving to come, into, existence begins to exist beyond, expression cannot describe go, to, extremes, going to extremes in, the, twinkling, of, an, eye, in the blink of an eye, keep, faith, with, keep, faith, in, lose confidence in... fall, into, the, habit, of developing... habits in, fashion, fashion, fashion, be, fed, up, with, get tired of set, the, world, on, fire, very much. Success at first sight may seem like free, of, charge, free furniture... with, (supply), taking... for, granted, taking... for granted. on,the,ground,of,(=because,of), Be, guide, of having... sin or fault come, to, a, halt, (stop), stop head, for going, leave,for, Go to... for more information, please visit: Sina CET-4 and CET-6 channels, CET-4 and CET-6 forums, CET-4 and CET-6 blog circles. Special note: Due to continuous adjustments and changes in various aspects, all exam information provided by Sina.com is for reference only. Candidates are advised to refer to the official information published by authoritative departments.
Sharing: How to rewrite sample essays for the CET-4 essay section under the guidance of a renowned teacher to improve writing skills. The position of the question sequence has been changed from the last part of the previous exam to the first part. It affects the on-site psychology of candidates, and its importance is self-evident. How can candidates make use of the 300 minutes, 3000 minutes, or even 30000 minutes in the exam room to adequately prepare for the CET-4 writing exam, so that they can easily cope with the 30 minutes in the exam room? When preparing for the CET-4 writing review, we should follow the macro review approach of "planning, paragraphs, sentences, and wording" (as shown in Figure 1) and "four steps". We should use past model essays as a framework, start with the layout of the essay, refine the words and sentences, and turn it into our own CET-4 high score essay. Learning model essays or mastering excellent compositions is the first step to breaking through and improving one's traditional writing language. Below, we will analyze and learn how to refine the "composition, paragraphs, sentences, and wording" in the December 2005 CET-4 model essay, and make use of them to turn them into our own language. Should,the,University,Campus,Be,Open,to,Tourist？ 1. Famous school campuses are becoming a new hotspot for tourism. 2. Should campuses be open to tourists? People have different opinions. 3. In my opinion... Should, the, University, Campus, Be, Open, to, Tourists? Nowadays,,many,famous,university,campuses,have,become,one,of,the,popular,tourist,attractions.,It,has,been,shown,on,TV,and,on,the,radio,that,every,year,thousands,and,thousands,of,middle,school,students,visit,Tsing,Hua,University,and,Peking,University,and,other,famous,universities,in,China.,In,the,place,far,away,from,the,capital,city,,the,local,students,also,visit,the,universities,famous,in,their,own,province。 So,far,as,the,present,situation,is,concerned,,is,it,a,good,or,bad,thing,to,open,the,university,campus,for,tourists? , Different,people,have,different,opinions.,On,one,hand,,some,people,argued,that,it,is,a,good,thing,for,the,students,to,visit,the,famous,university,campus,in,that,it,can,enable,the,middle,students,to,get,more,information,about,the,university,and,they,can,have,enough,time,and,opportunity,to,prepare,themselves,with,the,chance,to,get,into,the,university.,On,the,other,hand,,some,people,hold,a,negative,view,about,this,phenomenon.,In,their,opinion,,the,public,tourism,will,have,negative,effect,on,the,universities,because,it,will,not,only,do,harm,to,the,environment,but,also,to,the,intellectual,atmosphere。 In,my,opinion,,the,tourism,to,the,universities,is,not,a,good,thing.,The,campus,is,mainly,a,place,for,study.,With,the,increasing,tourism,on,the,campus,,it,will,ruin,the,spiritual,atmosphere,in,this,learning,field。
09年12月大学英语四级听力真题(长对话第一篇)09年12月四级长对话-1Now,you,hear,the,two,long,conversationsConversation,1W:,Hello,,Cartson,College,,may,I,help,you?M:,Yes.,I’m,looking,for,information,on,courses,in,computer,programming.,I,would,need,it,for,the,fall,semester。W:,Do,you,want,a,day,or,evening,course?M:,Well,,it,would,have,to,be,an,evening,course,since,I,work,during,the,day。W:,Aha.,Have,you,taken,any,courses,in,data,processing?M:,No。W:,Oh!,Well,,data,processing,is,a,course,you,have,to,take,before,you,can,take,computer,programming。M:,Oh,,I,see.,Well,,when,is,it,given?,I,hope,it,is,not,on,Thursdays。W:,Well,,there’s,a,class,that,meets,on,Monday,evenings,at,7.M:,Just,once,a,week?W:,Yes.,But,that’s,almost,3,hours,from,7,to,9:45.M:,Oh!,Well,,that’s,all,right,,I,could,manage,that.,How,many,weeks,does,the,course,last?W:,Mm,,let,me,see.,12,weeks.,You,start,the,first,weekends,September,and,finish…Oh..,just,before,Christmas,,December,21st。M:,And,how,much,is,the,course?W:,That’s,300,dollars,including,the,necessary,computer,time。M:,Ah-hum.,Okay,,Eh,,where,do,I,go,to,register?W:,Registration,is,on,the,second,and,third,of,September,between,6,and,9,in,Frost,Hall。M:,Is,that,the,round,building,behind,the,parking,lot?W:,Yes,,that’s,the,one。M:,Oh,,I,know,how,to,get,there.,Is,there,anything,that,I,should,bring,with,me?W:,No,,just,your,check,book。M:,Well,,thank,you,so,much。W:,You’re,very,welcome.,Bye!M:,Bye!Questions,19,to,22,are,based,on,the,conversation,you,have,just,heard。Q19:,Why,does,the,man,choose,to,take,an,evening,course?Q20:,What,does,the,man,have,to,do,before,taking,the,course,of,computer,programming?Q21:,What,do,we,learn,about,the,schedule,of,evening,course?Q22:,What,does,the,man,want,to,know,at,the,end,of,the,conversation?
For the majority of candidates, the cloze test in CET-4 is a complete chicken rib, tasteless to eat but a pity to discard. When I want to do it, I find it difficult and can't do it well. When I don't want to do it, I feel like I have 10% of the score. If I use a suicidal approach to solving problems (choose C uniformly...), I will be criticized by my conscience. So how do we do cloze tests? The author is attempting a simple analysis here. 1. Psychological basis for cloze test. The cloze procedure, originally known as cloze, was invented by W., L., Taylor in 1953. Its theoretical basis is Gestalt psychology. Gestalt is a German word that means "complete form" or "the entirety of experience". Gestalt psychologists believe that when people observe the shape of objects, they subconsciously fill in the gaps in the shape. Taylor believes that the process of human reading is also cloze. Removing a few words from a sentence or a short article is like having a blank shape, and people will "unconsciously" fill them in to make it a complete sentence or article. Please refer to the image below and answer: What is this graphic? I believe that when students see this shape, they will all give the same answer, which is: a cube without a corner. This is a concrete example of Gestalt psychology. Think about it, how did we come up with this idea? Did we just focus on the missing areas and look at them for a long time? Not so, we all come to the conclusion just now by observing the whole. For example, please refer to the following Chinese paragraph and add the following words: Kafka lived with his last lover in Vienna the year before his death. One day, while taking a walk on the road, he saw a little girl who had lost ____ and was crying sadly. Kafka comforted the little girl, saying that the doll was not lost, but rather tired of the unchanging life and went on a trip. Option: A. Toys, B., Dogs, C., Baby, D., Dolls, I believe everyone has found the correct answer, which is: Dolls, in fact, this is a very standard cloze test. Recall how this problem was solved. When we first read the blank space, we didn't know what the little girl had lost. We couldn't see any clues from the text before the space, so we continued reading and finished the entire sentence. When I saw 'the doll is not lost', I suddenly realized that this sentence showed amazing consistency with the blank space, so I answered and filled in the blank space with 'doll'. This method of solving cloze questions is referred to as "reproducing structure" by the author, and its principle is consistent with the way of observing shapes mentioned above. Studying only the spaces themselves is meaningless for solving problems. The key is to see the whole clearly and find clues to the spaces in the whole. Please take another look at the following question: when,our,friends,are,happy,and,“up”，,that,tends,to,influence,us,positively,,74,when,they,are,“down”，,that,can,have,a,75,impact,on,us。 75.A)relative,B)decisive,C)negative,D)sensitive This question is selected from a real test of the College English Test Band 4 on December 22, 2007. The correct answer is C) negative. I believe you have understood that simply studying the four options in this question will not produce results. The real clue is the positive one mentioned earlier. The two sentences are basically the same, but the direction is opposite, which is also a reproduction structure. Based on the above principles, I believe everyone should realize that doing cloze tests is not simply about studying words and grammar. The more important thing is to see the whole and use it to solve the parts. This is the psychological basis of cloze test questions. 2. The direction of the College English Test Band 4 cloze test. The College English Test Band 4 cloze test is also based on the psychological principles mentioned above, but in the specific design of the test points, the following characteristics may appear: firstly, vocabulary testing, focusing on the candidate's ability to distinguish vocabulary. The options often include some similar and easily confused words, among which the most commonly tested are synonyms, synonyms, antonyms, and similar words. Next is grammar examination, which focuses on examining candidates' understanding of several common grammar phrases they have learned in high school. The most commonly examined are time adverbial clauses, relative clauses, way adverbial clauses, concession adverbial clauses, etc. Once again, it is a test of reading ability, which refers to the assessment of the overall problem-solving ability mentioned earlier. 3. Principle of problem-solving. 1) Study sentence composition. English is a language that places great emphasis on structure, so in order to do well in cloze tests, candidates must first have a very proficient and clear understanding of the basic structure of sentences. Please refer to the following diagram: for a brief explanation, this is the most basic form of an English sentence, and the content in parentheses represents the modifying elements of nouns, which are optional. The above preposition indicates that it may appear after the verb and form a collocation relationship with the verb. The adverbial below indicates that it may appear at any position in the sentence, and the horizontal line mainly modifies the verb. No matter what the cloze test questions look like, the vast majority of them cannot do without this basic form. Even if the sentence can be written in various sentence patterns and word orders, the relationship between word modifications and restrictions will not change. Please refer to the example: Moods,should,be,69,from,emotions,which,are,usually,more,intense,,70,to,specific,circumstances,,and,often,conscious。 69., A)derived,B)descended,C)divided,D)distinguished70.A)related,B)referred,C)attached,D)associated This question is selected from the actual College English Test Band 4 exam question on December 22, 2007. Question 69, verb preposition collocation question, one of the basis for solving it is to form a collocation with From, and the second basis is the prompt in the following text. The appearance of More in the following text indicates that this Emotion is different from the Mood mentioned earlier. From this, it can be seen that the correct options are D. Derive (derived from, source), declined (decreased), Divide (divided, cut, divide). Question 70, verb preposition collocation question. This question focuses on the collocation relationship and forms a collocation with To, which is related to the meaning of the sentence and the environment. The correct option is A. Both questions test verbs, and according to the diagram above, when solving verb questions, one should make a judgment based on the word related to it, first looking at the noun, and then looking at the preposition and noun. Let's take another look at the question: Mood,may,be,defined,67,a,temporary,and,mild,positive,or,negative,feeling,that,is,generalized,and,not,tied,68,any,particular,circumstance。 67. A) as, B) about, C) by, D) with 68. A) over, B) under, C) to, D) up. This question is selected from the actual College English Test Band 4 (CET-4) on December 22, 2007. Question 67, verb preposition collocation question, Be, defined, as constitute the answer to this question, which is "defined as". The other options do not match the matching relationship. The correct option is A. 68, a verb preposition collocation question, to examine the collocation of Tie. The correct option is C, tie, to, which originally means "bound to..." and is extended to "related to...". Both of these questions examine prepositions. According to the diagram above, the verb in front and the noun behind the preposition are associated with them. In question 67 of this sentence, when you see Be and defined, find the prompt. In question 68, when you see Tied, find the prompt, and then you get the solution. 2) Study conjunction prompts. Conjunctions are indispensable in cloze tests, and they often serve as clear prompts, such as' and ', indicating parallel relationships. The content before and after should maintain structural consistency or semantic consistency. Please refer to the example: For,example,,the,rhythm,,pitch,,and,83,of,music,has,been,shown,to,influence,behavior,such,as,the,84,of,time,spent,in,supermarkets,or,85,to,purchase,products。 83. A) Step, B) Speed, C) Band, D) Volume This question is selected from the actual College English Test Band 4 exam on December 22, 2007. Question 83, comprehension question. According to the conjunction prompt, 'And' is connected in parallel with rhythm and tone. The correct option is' D 'and' volume '. It is recommended that candidates mark every conjunction that appears in the article when doing cloze test questions, as each conjunction can indicate a lot of content. For example, when using it, the main clause and subordinate clause must have opposite meanings; If the subordinate clause is used as a condition, it must be a prerequisite for the main clause; When using 'but', if the two clauses before and after have opposite meanings, and a conjunction appears, it means that the difficulty of the question has been greatly reduced. 3) Apply the idea of solving parts as a whole. Based on the above analysis, it is recommended that candidates use the whole sentence as a unit when doing cloze tests in the future, instead of just studying the spaces themselves. It is also suggested that after reading the whole sentence, students start from the back and move forward to solve the problem, which will reduce the difficulty. In addition, the idea of overall solution also requires us not to rush to solve the problem of the first sentence of the paragraph. If the clue is clear, attack it. When the clue is unclear, do not choose randomly. It is recommended to treat the entire paragraph as a whole and read the entire paragraph before doing the problem. Please refer to the example: Moods,appear,to,be,82,influenced,by,marketing,techniques.,For,example,,the,rhythm,,pitch,,and,83,of,music,has,been,shown,to,influence,behavior,such,as,the,84,of,time,spent,in,supermarkets,or,85,to,purchase,products.,In,addition,,advertising,can,influence,consumers’,moods,which,,in,86,,,are,capable,of,influencing,consumers’,reactions,to,products。 82. A) Ready, B) Rare, C) Cautiously, D) Currently. This question is selected from the actual College English Test Band 4 exam on December 22, 2007. Question 82, complete the entire paragraph. Question 82 has sufficient information and is the center of the entire paragraph. The entire paragraph is about marketing techniques. The following examples illustrate how marketing techniques work on consumers, and the effect is very obvious. The correct option is A, easily. In addition, Cautiously (with the same root word Caution) and Currently (now, generally). If this question is answered before reading the paragraph, I believe everyone must have made a random choice, because based on the first sentence of the paragraph, the candidate has no basis to answer the question, and this result is just wrong. Remember, the first sentence of a paragraph is often the center of the paragraph, which means that the content in the paragraph should support this center. That is to say, what the first sentence of the paragraph says, the content of the paragraph should be said, and vice versa. The above is the principle of solving the cloze test in the College English Test Band 4.
For those students who have already undergone long-term preparation for the CET-6, my suggestion is to start precise preparation now. That is to say, in the previous preparation exercises, if you were weak in any aspect of the practice, you should increase the training intensity from that aspect. Especially for the real exam questions that students have done during this period, they should repeatedly recognize and familiarize themselves with them. Familiarize oneself with the intentions of the question setter and the steps involved in solving the problem. Students should be good at summarizing their shortcomings and the things that repeatedly appear during exams in their daily preparation.   So now there are two things we should do: the first is to familiarize ourselves with the question types of the CET-6 exam as soon as possible, understand what needs to be tested and the specific time distribution of the exam. Especially after the reform of the CET-6, there are significant differences between the new question types and the past, so it is necessary for everyone to practice the real questions systematically as soon as possible. The second thing is to prepare a vocabulary book during the practice process, and copy the unfamiliar and unfamiliar words seen in the questions into the vocabulary book. I believe that after practicing with real questions, I cannot be fully familiar with the CET-6 exam, but at least I can understand the general idea. （1） Vocabulary preparation has always been a difficult task for students to memorize vocabulary. But for the CET-6 exam, is the requirement for word count really that high? For the analysis of the cloze test in the new CET-6 question types in June this year, we found that out of the 300 words appearing in the cloze test, only about 30 words belong to the vocabulary of the CET-6 syllabus, while the remaining 270 words are all from the CET-4 syllabus. It can be clearly seen that the vocabulary assessment in the CET-6 exam is still heavily focused on the CET-4 vocabulary section, and for the 1000 different words in the CET-4 and CET-6 exam syllabus, the proportion in the CET-6 exam is relatively small. Therefore, we should continue to consolidate the CET-4 syllabus and expand the vocabulary of CET-6. At the same time, the words that repeatedly appear in the CET-6 exam are called high-frequency vocabulary in CET-6. By typing this keyword in search engines, people can easily find relevant high-frequency vocabulary information. With the help of these materials, we can quickly grasp the key vocabulary tested in the CET-6 exam, understand their meanings, and strengthen our memory in the questions. （2） The tests of cloze test and comprehensive correction of mistakes in CET-6 belong to the two choice examination mode, which requires us to prepare for both when preparing, and not neglect either. Never have the idea of betting on a topic. In the examination of cloze tests, the focus has shifted from examining function word collocations to understanding actual words. The root cause of this change lies in the cancellation of vocabulary questions in the CET-6 exam. In order to inherit the vocabulary assessment part in the exam, it has been changed to include it in the completion test for assessment. So the steps for completing cloze tests must be clear to everyone before entering the exam room. The first sentence at the beginning of an article usually does not have a title. The purpose is to enable students to fully understand the main content or central idea of the article. Therefore, the first sentence of the cloze test has great guiding significance for us to understand the entire text. In addition, during the process of solving the problem, it is necessary to skim through the entire text to understand the structure of each paragraph before doing the problem. Because the cloze test consists of 300 words, after removing 20 words that test our options, we must ensure that the 20 words removed do not affect our understanding of the entire text. Therefore, the overall structure of the article requires us to focus on mastering it by reading through the entire text. My suggestion for correcting mistakes is to summarize some of the repeated errors in past exam papers. For example, in the annual CET-6 exams, it is common to examine the antonyms of actual words. Other common errors in writing include default subjects, double predicates, and participle adverbial structures. Another two points that must be reminded are: firstly, the symbols used for correcting mistakes in the CET-6 exam are different from the symbol usage we are accustomed to in the college entrance examination. When practicing, we must read the instructions for the questions clearly. Secondly, there must be 10 errors in the entire text, and there will be no occurrence of correct sentences. Please remember, classmates. （3） The key to the examination of translation and writing is the examination of several sentence patterns, in other words, the exam has risen to the level of grammar examination.   When doing translation, always remember to include all the information points in your sentence, none of which can be missing. We do not seek a clear and elegant translation result, but only basic fluency. The score of the translation exam belongs to the scoring point score, so it is important to reflect your knowledge as much as possible on the answer sheet in order to obtain the full score. For some English words or phrases that you don't understand or are not very clear about, you should try to find words that can be replaced with synonyms during the exam process. For example, a phrase that appeared in an exam called "market share" may be unfamiliar to many students, but in fact, they are not familiar with how to translate the word "market share". During the exam, upon careful reading of the sentence, it was found that only translating the market, not the market share, does not affect comprehension. So when you really don't know the word 'share', what you should do is give up wasting time pondering about it. For the writing section of the CET-6 exam, I believe the key to preparation is to have a good grasp of the structure of the article. For a CET-6 exam essay, I recommend using a three paragraph structure, with a layout of 8-10 words per line being the best. No matter what the question is, generally speaking, it is important to prepare some verb adverb collocations, noun adjective collocations before the exam. There are many commonly used adverbs and adjectives in writing that must be mastered before the exam. By looking at some sample essays published in previous years' CET-6 exams, you will find the use of these combinations. It is particularly noteworthy that in the writing test of CET-6, it is required that we be able to use some of the vocabulary required by CET-6. Therefore, it is also necessary to upgrade vocabulary in writing. For example, we always use 'very' and 'good' to express good meanings, but in the CET-6 writing test, we need to use appropriate upgrade vocabulary such as' extremely 'and' excellent '. Also, we should not blindly worship template essays. Before the exam, we should remove the rough and extract the essence from the template, and absorb the essence from the template into our own articles. In the process of writing, it is also important to understand the importance of combining length and brevity. Writing an article that uses a large number of subject clauses, adjective clauses, adverbial clauses, and object clauses does not necessarily prove a student's language ability. Instead, it made the examiner feel that the student did not know how to use simple sentences and always used complex sentences to express simple ideas. Therefore, in the process of writing an article, we must have moderation in order to achieve the requirement of full marks. At the end of the article, I hope that every student taking the CET-6 exam can "calm down" and "do their best". Exams are just a process, and it's better to enjoy happiness than to endure pain. This is what we call pain and happiness. English learning will not end after the CET-6 exam, and I hope everyone's future path of English learning can be broader and more extensive.
The big reform of the exam "Steamed rolls Test" is difficult to prevent the leakage of CET-4 and CET-6. It seems that CET-4 and CET-6 are destined to have a natural affinity with such derogatory words as "leakage" and "cheating". During the CET-4 and CET-6 tests held respectively last afternoon, there were leakage events. More than 20 minutes after the CET-4 test, many online forums have broadcast the correct answers after the incident.   During yesterday's CET-4 and CET-6 exams, a 20 minute "live stream post" appeared on the forum sections of multiple websites such as Douban and Tianya. Zhao, a student from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, told reporters that the CET-4 exam was held on time at 9am yesterday. Just over 20 minutes later, a post titled "2010 College English Major CET-4 Live Streaming Post" appeared in a section of Tianya Forum. The reporter found online that at 9:22, there were suspected answers to translation questions in this post, such as the answer to the first question being "87. Inordertoensureshitoat tendthemeeting". After the exam, the reporter verified the answers provided by the CET-4 and CET-6 coaching institutions, and the two were completely consistent. Following the translation questions, the answers to questions such as quick reading and cloze tests all "appear" before 10 o'clock. In fact, this is not the earliest live streaming post that appeared. In a group on Douban, at 8:58, just 2 minutes before the exam, during the listening test period for candidates, there was already a suspected question release post. However, the poster quickly deleted the content of the post. From the later replies and comments from netizens, it appears that the essay question provided in this post is also the correct version. The poster posted again one hour after the start of the CET-6 exam in the afternoon, at 2:59 pm during the exam period. The essay question was "myviewonuniversityranking", which can also be verified to match the correct exam question afterwards. On Tianya Forum, a post titled "Live 6CET" began leaking answers to various question types such as essay writing, quick reading, and translation from 15:34 onwards. It is ironic that the "Steamed rolls" replaced the "AB" for the first time. Compared with previous years, a major reform has been carried out in the CET-4 and CET-6 this year, that is, the "Steamed rolls" replaced the "AB" for the first time. Although the content of the test papers obtained by students in each examination room is the same, the order of the questions has been disrupted, which has greatly increased the difficulty of cheating. But from yesterday's online "live streaming posts", it seems that this reform has not had the effect of preventing cheating. A college English teacher introduced that the so-called "Steamed rolls" means that although the content of the test paper is the same, the order of the questions and options is confused. That is to say, the questions between provinces and cities are the same, but the order is different. For example, the order of A papers in Shanghai and Jiangsu is not the same. The 2010 national CET-4 and CET-6 test is the first year of the national trial Steamed rolls test, and many national tests in the future will also be in the form of Steamed rolls. Previously, the school English teachers had received the relevant notice when receiving the invigilation discipline training, saying that the "AB exam" would be canceled, but the number of papers divided into the "Steamed rolls exam" was not detailed. Some training institutions said that there were 14 sets of "Steamed rolls" in China. If there are indeed 14 sets of "Steamed rolls", and it is reasonable to analyze that the difficulty of cheating in the exam is much higher than in the past, why are the exam questions still easily leaked and broadcast? Zhao analyzed that in recent years, most of the "live streaming posts" have appeared during exam periods, with the only exception being the suspected question leakage post that appeared at 8:58 am yesterday. At that time, there were only 2 minutes left before the official exam began, but the exam papers had already been sent to the candidates in advance. In the small advertisements that often appeared online and on campus poster boards for "selling CET-4 and CET-6 answers", there were often words such as "charge before the exam, provide questions during the exam, and be honest". This also indicates that the leakage of CET-4 and CET-6 exam questions may have gone through such a channel: the sellers obtained the questions after the exam began - organized the gunners to quickly answer them - and passed the answers into the exam room. As for how the test questions are transmitted from the examination room, question sellers can use methods such as hiring candidates to register, bribing invigilators, etc., and then transmit the answers to the examination room through SMS or invisible headphones. If this assumption is true, neither the previous "AB scroll" nor the current "Steamed rolls" can prevent cheating.   Experts call for the cancellation of the CET-4 and CET-6 exams. In the view of Ye Zhiming, Vice President of Shanghai University, the current CET-4 and CET-6 exams have the potential to encourage students to keep taking exams, completely deviating from their original intention. Countless training institutions outside the school and repeated cheating in exams have made the CET-4 and CET-6 a "black and white mixed industry chain". He believes that the CET-4 and CET-6 exams can be completely cancelled.    
The clever solution of "checking for deficiencies and filling in gaps" has been a focus of attention for college students since the reform of the College English Test (CET) in 2006. Upon careful examination of the latest 2007 exam, there was a minor change in the Skimming, and Scanning sections of the CET-4 and CET-6 exams, which occurred without prior notice from the CET-4 and CET-6 exam committee in the form of sample questions. This created a significant obstacle for candidates during the on-site exam. Among my students, there were those who were quite flustered in the exam room because of this. It can be seen that the reading section of the reformed CET-4 and CET-6 exams is still in an unstable period. The changes in the quick reading section are mainly reflected in two aspects: 1. The original 4 true/false questions (i.e. YES/, NO/, NOT, GIVEN questions) have been replaced by 7 multiple-choice questions. 2. The number of completed sentence questions has been reduced from 6 to 3. We will not discuss the reasons for this change, but only focus on the methods to cope with it. In this era where we cannot adapt to changes and will be eliminated, we can only seek development in chaos and survival in chaotic times. As long as the focus of the CET-4 and CET-6 exams remains unchanged, we can adapt to changes with the same emphasis. We are pleased to see that the changes in the reading section of the latest CET-4 and CET-6 exams are a return to traditional question types: multiple-choice questions are the type of questions we would most like to see, and they are also our old companions who have accompanied us for many years; The newly emerged completion sentence questions have gone through several exams and their style of question setting has become increasingly mature. They should become another blue chip scoring stock besides multiple-choice questions. Next, we will focus on how to solve sentence problems quickly and accurately. The explanation for completing sentence questions is as follows: complete, the, sentences, with, the, information, given, in, the, passage. Let's analyze it. Since it's complete, it means the original sentence was incomplete and incomplete; with,the,information,given,in,the,passage， The information provided in the original text indicates that we must return to the original text and try to answer in the language used in the original text in order to be more accurate and to hit the nail on the head. Let's think about another question. If an English sentence has a complete structure, then all the sentence components contained in the sentence must be complete. If any component is missing, not only will the structure of the sentence be disrupted, but the meaning of the sentence will also be incomplete. The stem of a completed sentence question itself is a incomplete sentence, and the incomplete part must serve as a certain sentence component in the original sentence. And we know that the issue of sentence composition is the grammar problem we learned in high school, such as subject verb object, main subject relationship table, definite verb complement, etc. Once the components of the incomplete part of the sentence are determined, its grammar structure is also determined accordingly. We can have a clear idea of whether to add a verb, a prepositional phrase, an adjective, a noun structure, or a clause before constructing the answer. From another perspective, incomplete components also express certain sentence meanings, so there must be a close logical relationship between incomplete components and known components in the sentence in terms of meaning. We can also use the rigor of logical relationships to help us solve problems. The key to solving sentence completion problems is to use grammar to determine form and logic to determine content. Since the reform of College English Test Band 4 and Band 6 in 2006, it has always been a focus of attention for college students. Upon careful examination of the latest 2007 exam, there was a minor change in the Skimming, and Scanning sections of the CET-4 and CET-6 exams, which occurred without prior notice from the CET-4 and CET-6 exam committee in the form of sample questions. This created a significant obstacle for candidates during the on-site exam. Among my students, there were those who were quite flustered in the exam room because of this. It can be seen that the reading section of the reformed CET-4 and CET-6 exams is still in an unstable period. The changes in the quick reading section are mainly reflected in two aspects: 1. The original 4 true/false questions (i.e. YES/, NO/, NOT, GIVEN questions) have been replaced by 7 multiple-choice questions. 2. The number of completed sentence questions has been reduced from 6 to 3. We will not discuss the reasons for this change, but only focus on the methods to cope with it. In this era where we cannot adapt to changes and will be eliminated, we can only seek development in chaos and survival in chaotic times. As long as the focus of the CET-4 and CET-6 exams remains unchanged, we can adapt to changes with the same emphasis. We are pleased to see that the changes in the reading section of the latest CET-4 and CET-6 exams are a return to traditional question types: multiple-choice questions are the type of questions we would most like to see, and they are also our old companions who have accompanied us for many years; The newly emerged completion sentence questions have gone through several exams and their style of question setting has become increasingly mature. They should become another blue chip scoring stock besides multiple-choice questions. Next, we will focus on how to solve sentence problems quickly and accurately. The explanation for completing sentence questions is as follows: complete, the, sentences, with, the, information, given, in, the, passage. Let's analyze it. Since it's complete, it means the original sentence was incomplete and incomplete; with,the,information,given,in,the,passage， The information provided in the original text indicates that we must return to the original text and try to answer in the language used in the original text in order to be more accurate and to hit the nail on the head. Let's think about another question. If an English sentence has a complete structure, then all the sentence components contained in the sentence must be complete. If any component is missing, not only will the structure of the sentence be disrupted, but the meaning of the sentence will also be incomplete. The stem of a completed sentence question itself is a incomplete sentence, and the incomplete part must serve as a certain sentence component in the original sentence. And we know that the issue of sentence composition is the grammar problem we learned in high school, such as subject verb object, main subject relationship table, definite verb complement, etc. Once the components of the incomplete part of the sentence are determined, its grammar structure is also determined accordingly. We can have a clear idea of whether to add a verb, a prepositional phrase, an adjective, a noun structure, or a clause before constructing the answer. From another perspective, incomplete components also express certain sentence meanings, so there must be a close logical relationship between incomplete components and known components in the sentence in terms of meaning. We can also use the rigor of logical relationships to help us solve problems. The key to solving sentence completion problems is to use grammar to determine form and logic to determine content.
2010年6月英语四级作文范文(沪江)2010年6月英语四级考试刚刚结束，同学们考得如何？这里是沪江网校的Jane老师为大家提供的英语四级作文范文。Due,Attention,Should,Be,Given,To,SpellingCorrect,spelling,is,a,basic,skill,in,English,study.,However,,nowadays,many,students,do,not,pay,much,attention,to,it。They,have,their,own,reasons,for,misspelling.,First,of,all,,they,like,an,easy,way,of,studying,,which,causes,some,omissions,and,changes,in,spelling.,Second,,the,teachers,might,not,be,very,strict,in,students’,spelling.,In,China,,teachers,seem,to,be,more,concerned,with,grammar,and,vocabulary,but,not,spelling。To,change,this,situation,,in,my,opinion,,the,teachers,and,the,students,should,work,together.,On,one,hand,,the,teachers,should,give,more,attention,to,students’,spelling,,asking,the,students,to,be,conscious,of,the,importance,of,correct,spelling,from,the,very,beginning,of,their,English,study.,On,the,other,hand,,the,students,themselves,are,supposed,to,be,aware,that,correct,spelling,is,a,must,in,English,study。To,sum,up,,correct,spelling,is,so,important,that,both,students,and,the,teachers,should,spare,no,efforts,to,achieve,correct,spelling。
The following is the original text of the listening short dialogue for the CET-4 exam on June 19, 2010: Short,conversations11.,W:,Just,imagine,we,have,to,finish,reading,300,pages,before,Monday,,how,can,the,professor,expect,us,to,do,it,in,such,a,short,time? M:,Yeah,,but,what,troubles,me,is,that,I,can’t,find,the,book,in,the,library,or,in,the,university,bookstore。 Q:,what,does,the,man,mean? 12., M:,Do,you,think,I,could,borrow,your,car,to,go,grocery,shopping? , The,supermarkets,outside,the,city,are,so,much,cheaper.,I’d,also,be,happy,to,pick,up,anything,you,need。 W:,Wow,,I,don’t,like,to,let,anyone,else,to,drive,my,car.,Tell,you,what,,why,don’t,we,go,together? Q:,What,does,the,woman,mean? 13., M:,Forgive,the,mess,in,here.,We,had,a,party,last,night.,There,were,a,lot,of,people,and,they,all,brought,foodW:,Yeah,,I,can,tell.,Well,,I,guess,it’s,pretty,obvious,what,you’ll,be,doing,most,of,today。 Q:,What,does,the,woman,think,the,man,will,do？ 14., W:,What,time,would,suit,you,for,the,first,round,talks,with,John,Smith? M:,Well,,you,know,my,schedule.,Other,than,this,Friday,,one,day,is,as,good,as,the,next。 Q:,What,does,the,man,mean? 15., W:,I,was,so,angry,yesterday.,My,biology,teacher,did,not,even,let,me,explain,why,I,missed,the,field,trip.,He,just,wouldn’t,let,me,pass。 M:,That,doesn’t,seem,fair.,I’d,feel,that,way,too,if,I,were,you。 Q:,What,does,the,man,imply? 16., M:,I,really,can’t,stand,the,way,David,controls,the,conversation,all,the,time.,If,he’s,going,to,be,at,your,Christmas,party,,I,just,won’t,come。 W:,I’m,sorry,you,feel,that,way.,But,my,mother,insists,that,he,come。 Q:,What,does,the,woman,imply? 17., W:,You’re,taking,a,course,with,Professor,Johnson.,What’s,your,impression,so,far? M:,Well,,many,students,can,hardly,stay,awake,in,his,class,without,first,drinking,a,cup,of,coffee。 Q:,What,does,the,man,imply? 18., W:,Have,you,ever,put,a,computer,together,before? M:,No,,never.,But,I,think,if,we,follow,these,instructions,exactly,,we,won’t,have,much,trouble。 Q:,What,are,the,speakers,going,to,do? The overall difficulty of this year's CET-4 short dialogues is the same as previous years, as long as you hear the core vocabulary and key grammar sentence patterns in listening, you can choose the answer. Firstly, out of the 8 short dialogues, 6 of them all involve the category of "inferred connotation", which is consistent with the previously predicted required test types. Secondly, questions 11, 16, and 18 all utilize the listening technique of "but followed by exam questions". Regardless of what was previously heard, as long as a "but" appears, the correct answer is born. Again, regarding the virtual examination of key grammar points. The sentence pattern "if, I, were, you" in the 15 questions of a short conversation is a very typical virtual sentence pattern, referring to "If I were you, I would..." The answer is right after "yes"; Question 16 tested the word 'insist', and the sentence followed by a clause is a subjunctive mood, which is a combination of 'should' and the verb form, where 'should' can be omitted. It is very important to master the scene words proficiently in order to make listening short conversations "fast and accurate". For example, the professor, library, and bookstore in question 11, the biology and pass in question 15, the course in question 17, and the students in question 17 can all be confirmed to be campus scenes; Grocery, supermarket, pick, and up in question 12 are all shopping scene words, especially grocery, which students should be very familiar with.   There are two possible obstacles for students to understand in this short conversation, namely 13 and 14. The content of question 13 is that the man said, "Please forgive the chaos we caused here. We had a big party last night, and everyone brought food." The woman's answer was, "From the current situation, we can infer what happened last night. I think what you should do today is very clear." From the woman's words, it can be inferred that she hopes the man can tidy up the chaotic scene today, which means he should clean up next.   Source: Ang Li, Song Qianqian
The following are the answers to the English Test Band 4 (CET-4) Quick Reading Test on June 19, 2010: 1 A,2D,3C,4A,,5C,,6B,,7B8,had,an,internet,addiction9,professional,help10,online,dating Source: Angli Education
Survey before CET 4 and CET 6: Which do you value more, speaking or English certificate? CET 4 and CET 6 will start on June 20, 2009. How many times have you applied for the exam? Did you feel nervous before the exam? Come and participate in the pre-test voting survey for the CET-4 and CET-6 exams. If you have your own opinions and viewpoints on this, you can also click here to express your thoughts on the CET-4 and CET-6. The exam is about to begin, send your sincere wishes to her/him, and wish him/her a successful exam! For more information, please visit the Sina CET-4 and CET-6 channels, CET-4 and CET-6 forums, and CET-4 and CET-6 blog circles. Special note: Due to continuous adjustments and changes in various aspects, all exam information provided by Sina.com is for reference only. Candidates are advised to refer to the official information published by authoritative departments.
Prediction of the Time and Process for the 2009 College English Test Band 4 and Band 6 (CET-4 and Band 6): June 20, 2009; December 19, 2009. I hope all candidates are well prepared and strive to pass! College English Test Band 4 (CET-4) Process 8:50-9:00 Interview Time 9:00-9:10 Play exam instructions, distribute essay papers 9:10 Remove headphones, start essay exam 9:35 Distribute test booklets containing quick reading (but only allowed to start at 9:40) 9:40-9:55 Do quick reading 9:55-10:00 Receive and answer question card one (i.e. essay and quick reading) 9:55-10:00 Put on headphones again, try on the sound and find the channel, prepare for listening exam 10:00am Start listening exam, the radio starts playing, and after listening, complete the remaining exam items. 11: All 20 exams have ended. The process of the College English Test Band 6 is 14:50--15:00. The testing time is 15:00--15:10. Play the test room instructions and distribute the essay exam papers. At 15:10, remove the headphones and start the essay exam. At 15:35, distribute the test booklet containing quick reading (but only allowed to start at 15:40). At 15:40--15:55, do the quick reading section. At 15:55--16:00, receive the answer sheet 1 (i.e. essay and quick reading). At 15:55--16:00, put on the headphones again, test the listening and prepare for the listening exam. At 16:00, start the listening exam and the radio will start playing. After the listening is completed, complete the remaining test items. 17: All 20 exams have ended. For more information, please visit the Sina CET-4 and CET-6 channels, CET-4 and CET-6 forums, and CET-4 and CET-6 blog circles. Special note: Due to continuous adjustments and changes in various aspects, all exam information provided by Sina.com is for reference only. Candidates are advised to refer to the official information published by authoritative departments.
Humorous vocabulary learning, tips for memorizing CET-4 and CET-6 words. This article is selected from the blog of Shuimu Rainforest. Click here to view the original text.   You may be able to recognize many words in a day, but you may not necessarily know how to use them. The ability to communicate is the most important, and for a person's life, it is much more important than exam ability. Aabandonvt。 Never, abandon, hope, especially, when, it, is, the, only, thing, you, have. Never give up hope, especially when all you have left is hope. We should not give up hope, but we should not only have hope, but also cherish the present time. abidevi。 Persist, comply, vt. endure, tolerate Yeah,,I,got,some,speeding,tickets.,But,I’m,a,law-abiding,citizen,and,I’m,not,an,offender.,I’m,just,more,like,a,speeding-ticket,collector。 Yes, I have received some fines for speeding violations. But I am a law-abiding citizen, not a lawbreaker. I am more like a collector of speeding tickets. Do you dare to say this to the police after being stopped by them for speeding? abilityn。 Ability, ability [Example sentence] I'm, gaining, more, and, more, abilities, what, should, I, do, next? My abilities are getting stronger and stronger, what will I do in the future? 【 Youdian Annotation 】 Arrogant Abolishft. Abolish, abolish (laws, systems, customs, etc.) If,everybody,becomes,middle-class,,the,middle-class,will,automatically,be,abolished.,If,everybody,is,in,the,middle,,there,is,no,middle.,So,I’d,rather,to,stay,in,the,low,class,,or,even,negative,class,so,you,can,be,in,the,middle,class。 If everyone becomes a middle class, the middle class will be automatically abolished. If everyone is in the middle, there is no middle. So I would rather stay in the lower class, even the negative class, so that you can become the middle class. The so-called class is relative. abroadadv。 Going abroad, everywhere, overseas, widely, far apart, I have no sense of direction in my heart How,could,any,English,person,want,to,live,abroad? , Foreigners,can’t,help,living,there,because,they,were,born,there。 How can an Englishman want to live abroad? Foreigners can't live there because they were born there. [Note] Absenten, a proud Englishman. Not present, absent, lacking, absent [example sentence] I was, court martialed, [military court], in,my,absence,and,sentenced,to,death,in,my,absence.,So,I,said,,right,,you,can,shoot,me,in,my,absence,as,well。 The military court tried me in absentia and sentenced me to death in absentia. I said, okay, you can also execute me in absentia. 【 Youdian Annotation 】 Just pretend I don't exist anymore! absentadj。 Absent, absent, missing [example sentence] Dear,School:,Please,excuse,me,for,being,absent,on,Jan.,28,,29,,30,,31,,32,,and,also, Dear school, please forgive me for not being able to go to school on January 28th, 29th, 30th, 31st, 32nd, and 33rd. A leave note written by a student with a high fever. absoluteadj。 You're better, develop, the, habit, of, saying, 'You're absolutely right'. , It,costs,you,nothing。 You'd better develop the habit of saying 'you're absolutely right', and you haven't lost anything. Learn to flatter and praise others, but sometimes don't flatter and hit the horse's hooves. absorbvt。 In, a, front-end, collision, the, horse, will, absorb, most, of, the, impact. During a frontal collision, the horse will absorb most of the impact. The car is equipped with a front bumper to absorb collision impacts, while the carriage uses a horse to absorb collisions. absurdadj。 You, cannot, achieve, the, impossible, without, attending, the, absent. You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting absurdity. Every major technological advancement in human history seems a bit absurd to ordinary people at first. Abusen。 Abuse, abuse, insults, bad habits, drawbacks v. Abuse, abuse, insults Everyone,has,a,right,to,be,stupid.,Some,just,abuse,the,privilege。 Everyone has the right to be foolish, but some people abuse their privileges. Everyone does something foolish at some point, but some people still think it's a good thing and act recklessly. Academicadj。 College, theoretical [Example sentence] The,advertisement,referred,to,“an,opportunity,for,a,well,educated,and,motivated,man,to,earn,a,fortune,in,the,academic,field。”,The,job,was,selling,encyclopedias,on,commission,only。 The advertisement mentions the opportunity for an ambitious and well-educated person to earn money in the academic field. This job involves selling encyclopedias to earn commissions. A graduate student majoring in livestock and poultry from the Academy of Agricultural Sciences went to sell pork without losing any material. Accentn。 Accent, accent, heavy note [example sentence] The,twentieth,century,is,only,the,nineteenth,speaking,with,a,slightly,American,accent。 The 20th century was just a 19th century with a slight American accent. The rise of the United States and the decline of Britain in the 20th century is probably like this. In the 21st century, the whole world will learn Chinese! Accidentn。 Unexpected event, accident [Example sentence] The,greatest,pleasure,I,know,is,to,do,a,good,deed,anonymously,,and,then,have,it,found,out,by,accident。 The happiest thing is to do good things secretly and then be discovered by chance. People do good deeds without leaving a name, but subconsciously they still hope that others will unexpectedly discover that they have done good deeds. This article is selected from the blog of Shuimu Rainforest. Click here to view the original text.   You may be able to recognize many words in a day, but you may not necessarily know how to use them. The ability to communicate is the most important, and for a person's life, it is much more important than exam ability. Aabandonvt。 Never, abandon, hope, especially, when, it, is, the, only, thing, you, have. Never give up hope, especially when all you have left is hope. We should not give up hope, but we should not only have hope, but also cherish the present time. abidevi。 Persist, comply, vt. endure, tolerate Yeah,,I,got,some,speeding,tickets.,But,I’m,a,law-abiding,citizen,and,I’m,not,an,offender.,I’m,just,more,like,a,speeding-ticket,collector。 Yes, I have received some fines for speeding violations. But I am a law-abiding citizen, not a lawbreaker. I am more like a collector of speeding tickets. Do you dare to say this to the police after being stopped by them for speeding? abilityn。 Ability, ability [Example sentence] I'm, gaining, more, and, more, abilities, what, should, I, do, next? My abilities are getting stronger and stronger, what will I do in the future? 【 Youdian Annotation 】 Arrogant Abolishft. Abolish, abolish (laws, systems, customs, etc.) If,everybody,becomes,middle-class,,the,middle-class,will,automatically,be,abolished.,If,everybody,is,in,the,middle,,there,is,no,middle.,So,I’d,rather,to,stay,in,the,low,class,,or,even,negative,class,so,you,can,be,in,the,middle,class。 If everyone becomes a middle class, the middle class will be automatically abolished. If everyone is in the middle, there is no middle. So I would rather stay in the lower class, even the negative class, so that you can become the middle class. The so-called class is relative. abroadadv。 Going abroad, everywhere, overseas, widely, far apart, I have no sense of direction in my heart How,could,any,English,person,want,to,live,abroad? , Foreigners,can’t,help,living,there,because,they,were,born,there。 How can an Englishman want to live abroad? Foreigners can't live there because they were born there. [Note] Absenten, a proud Englishman. Not present, absent, lacking, absent [example sentence] I was, court martialed, [military court], in,my,absence,and,sentenced,to,death,in,my,absence.,So,I,said,,right,,you,can,shoot,me,in,my,absence,as,well。 The military court tried me in absentia and sentenced me to death in absentia. I said, okay, you can also execute me in absentia. 【 Youdian Annotation 】 Just pretend I don't exist anymore! absentadj。 Absent, absent, missing [example sentence] Dear,School:,Please,excuse,me,for,being,absent,on,Jan.,28,,29,,30,,31,,32,,and,also, Dear school, please forgive me for not being able to go to school on January 28th, 29th, 30th, 31st, 32nd, and 33rd. A leave note written by a student with a high fever. absoluteadj。 You're better, develop, the, habit, of, saying, 'You're absolutely right'. , It,costs,you,nothing。 You'd better develop the habit of saying 'you're absolutely right', and you haven't lost anything. Learn to flatter and praise others, but sometimes don't flatter and hit the horse's hooves. absorbvt。 In, a, front-end, collision, the, horse, will, absorb, most, of, the, impact. During a frontal collision, the horse will absorb most of the impact. The car is equipped with a front bumper to absorb collision impacts, while the carriage uses a horse to absorb collisions. absurdadj。 You, cannot, achieve, the, impossible, without, attending, the, absent. You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting absurdity. Every major technological advancement in human history seems a bit absurd to ordinary people at first. Abusen。 Abuse, abuse, insults, bad habits, drawbacks v. Abuse, abuse, insults Everyone,has,a,right,to,be,stupid.,Some,just,abuse,the,privilege。 Everyone has the right to be foolish, but some people abuse their privileges. Everyone does something foolish at some point, but some people still think it's a good thing and act recklessly. Academicadj。 College, theoretical [Example sentence] The,advertisement,referred,to,“an,opportunity,for,a,well,educated,and,motivated,man,to,earn,a,fortune,in,the,academic,field。”,The,job,was,selling,encyclopedias,on,commission,only。 The advertisement mentions the opportunity for an ambitious and well-educated person to earn money in the academic field. This job involves selling encyclopedias to earn commissions. A graduate student majoring in livestock and poultry from the Academy of Agricultural Sciences went to sell pork without losing any material. Accentn。 Accent, accent, heavy note [example sentence] The,twentieth,century,is,only,the,nineteenth,speaking,with,a,slightly,American,accent。 The 20th century was just a 19th century with a slight American accent. The rise of the United States and the decline of Britain in the 20th century is probably like this. In the 21st century, the whole world will learn Chinese! Accidentn。 Unexpected event, accident [Example sentence] The,greatest,pleasure,I,know,is,to,do,a,good,deed,anonymously,,and,then,have,it,found,out,by,accident。 The happiest thing is to do good things secretly and then be discovered by chance. People do good deeds without leaving a name, but subconsciously they still hope that others will unexpectedly discover that they have done good deeds.
09年12月四级听力长对话参考答案A卷(新东方)19.C,,he,has,to,work,during,the,day20.B,,learn,data,processing21.C,,every,Monday,,lasting,for,12,weeks22.A,,what,to,bring,for,registration。23.D.,A,financial,trader24.B,,He,considers,cooking,creative25.,D,,It,can,be,a,good,thing
08年12月英语六级听力题短对话部分(昂立版)2008年12月六级听力短对话原文11.M:,I’m,asked,to,pick,up,the,guest,speaker,Bob,Russel,at,the,airport,this,afternoon,,do,you,know,what,he,looks,like?W:,Well,,he’s,in,his,sixties,,he,stands,out,,he’s,bald,,tall,and,thin,and,has,a,beard.Q:,What,do,we,conclude,from,the,woman’s,remarks,about,Bob,Russel?12.,W:,I’m,considering,dropping,my,dancing,class.,I’m,not,making,any,progressM:,If,I,were,you,,I’d,stick,with,it.,It's,definitely,worth,time,and,effort.Q:,What,does,the,man,suggest,the,woman,do?13.,W:,You,see,I,still,have,this,pain,in,my,back,,this,medicine,the,doctor,gave,me,was,supposed,to,make,me,feel,better,by,now.M:,Maybe,you,should’ve,taken,it,three,times,a,day,as,you,were,told.Q:,What,do,we,learn,from,the,conversation?14.,M:,Frankly,,when,I,sat,at,the,back,of,the,classroom,,I,can’t,see,the,words,on,the,board,clearly.W:,Well,,you’ve,been,wearing,those,same,glasses,as,long,as,I’ve,known,you.,Why,not,get,a,new,pair,,it,won’t,cost,you,too,much.Q:,What,does,the,woman,imply,about,the,man’s,glasses?15.,W:,How,come,the,floor,is,so,wet?,I,almost,slipped,,what,happened?M:,Oh,,sorry!,The,phone,rang,the,moment,I,got,into,the,shower,,anyway,,I’ll,wipe,it,up,right,now.Q:,Why,was,the,floor,wet,according,to,the,man?16.,M:,The,instructions,on,the,package,say,that,you,need,to,some,assembly,yourself.,I’ve,spent,all,afternoon,trying,in,vain,to,put,this,bookcase,together,W:,I,know,what,you,mean,,last,time,I,tried,to,assemble,a,toy,train,for,my,son,and,I,almost,gave,up.Q:,What,does,the,man,find,difficult?17.,M:,I’m,getting,worried,about,Jenny’s,school,work.,All,she,talks,about,these,days,is,volleyball,games,and,all,she,does,is,practice,,training,and,things,like,that.W:,Her,grades,on,the,coming,exams,will,fall,for,sure.,It’s,high,time,we,talk(ed),some,sense,to,her.Q:,What,are,the,speakers,probably,going,to,do?18.,W:,Do,you,understand,why,the,local,people,are,opposed,to,the,new,dam,up,the,river?M:,They,are,worried,about,the,potential,danger,if,the,dam,should,break.,The,river,is,very,wide,above,the,proposed,site.Q:,What,do,we,learn,from,the,conversation?,,更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道,四六级论坛,四六级博客圈特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。
Expert tip: Successfully pass the DICTION level in the fourth year of college within a month, and listen to at least one article every day, DICTATION， To understand every sentence, one should not be careless and can listen to it multiple times. At the beginning, there may be some words or sentences that you can't hear, but after listening to them too much, you will only have problems with articles and singular and plural forms. After a month of intensive DICATION practice, I scored over 13 points. ）Listen to DICTION from past exam papers a week before the exam to boost confidence and familiarize yourself with the exam. Conversation is generally easier. Train your ears for at least half an hour every day to understand more than 80% of the questions. Pay close attention when listening. This is the simplest one, as long as you hear it, you can choose it. PASSAGE is my weakness, but my classmate's strength. She gave me some advice. She thinks that some of the questions here can be chosen correctly without listening, and the logic is quite strong. So if you don't understand, choose based on common sense thinking. If you don't know, choose the longest one. The original text of NEWS may be a bit fast, and the words may not be common in daily life, but after listening to it for a long time, you will find that the "news vocabulary" is those that often appear, such as "hosting" and "evacuate". and, NEWS, The principle to be observed is to 'choose what you hear'.     in-service,training, On the job training includes inspector general, director interim, government, transitional government invitation, meet, invitation tournament judo, judo karate, karate kiosk, convenience store knock out, system, elimination system knowledge, economy, knowledge economy ksei, chess player laid off, laid-off leader, actor, male lead lease, lease, lease term man, of, mark, celebrity, important person manuscript, original manuscript, script marriage, lines, marriage certificate master, key, master key medium, media, media mercy, killing, euthanasia moped, electric scooter
College students have taken the CET-4 exam multiple times, claiming that their resumes are only good. Yesterday morning at 11:30 am, at the exam center of Hubei University's Zhixing College, Xiao Liu walked out of the exam room with a relaxed expression and said, "This time it's not a big problem, I should be able to pass. Xiaoliu introduced that this is already his fifth consecutive time taking the English CET-4 exam. "Actually, in the past, every exam could be passed by just a few points," he said. Xiaoliu told reporters that not long ago, he applied for a job at a magazine specializing in foreign trade. The company had a good impression of him, but at the last minute, the interviewer found that he did not pass the English CET-4 and politely declined.   (Reporter, Guo Tingting, Correspondent, Li Qing)
The scoring standards for each part of the College English Test Band 4 and Band 6 are for reference only. Please refer to the official announcement for accuracy. For more information, please visit the Sina CET-4 and CET-6 channels, CET-4 and CET-6 forums, and CET-4 and CET-6 blog circles. Special note: Due to continuous adjustments and changes in various aspects, all exam information provided by Sina.com is for reference only. Candidates are advised to refer to the official information published by authoritative departments.
The difficulty survey after the June 2009 College English Test Band 6 will be held on the afternoon of June 20th in the first half of 2009. Candidates are welcome to participate in the difficulty survey after the exam and express their opinions on this exam. Click to enter the forum and participate in the post exam discussion. For more information, please visit the Sina CET-4 and CET-6 channels, CET-4 and CET-6 forums, and CET-4 and CET-6 blog circles. Special note: Due to continuous adjustments and changes in various aspects, all exam information provided by Sina.com is for reference only. Please refer to the official information published by authoritative departments for accuracy.
The main teacher of CET-4 and CET-6 suggests that if everyone can reasonably manage the allocation of listening and reading time, and pay attention to some answering methods and techniques for cloze tests, cloze tests can also help us score points. I suggest everyone to grasp the following three points when completing fill in the blank questions, hoping to help everyone improve their completion scores within the limited time. Element 1: Determine the common context of words in the options and choose the most suitable option based on the meaning of the previous text. During the exam, if you find that you know all four words, you can recall that we learned these words in your middle or high school, and in which sentence patterns and scenarios they are usually used. You can judge the angle used by this word through such a basic scenario. For example, we all know a, good, idea! Few people use a, good, thought! Idea and thought both mean ideas, and you can think based on conventional ideas. Ideas are more suitable, so the first step is to determine the direction in which the word is used based on the fixed sense we often say.     For example, four words: quiet, calm, composed, and peaceful. They are all quiet, but the Chinese language expression always has its own characteristics. For example, we would say that this is a peaceful small mountain village, but we rarely say that it is a calm small mountain village. Although calmness also conforms to language norms, it does not conform to the logical expression of the Chinese people. So when you are doing vocabulary analysis, you should see which word's Chinese meaning is more consistent with the logical expression of the Chinese people. So this is our second point, pay attention to the most basic Chinese meaning of this word. Element three: Learn to use contextual logical relationships to determine the best option. Due to the logical relationship between each sentence in foreign articles, one can choose based on the meaning conveyed by the preceding or following sentences, and even reproduce the original text. China even dislikes expressing the same word two to three times in an article. Do you think this is more appropriate? Verbal, quite cumbersome. But when foreigners write articles, because they have a concept of coherence, they often use similar words in the first or last sentence. So when doing a completion test, don't just focus on this sentence. You should look at the preceding or following sentences more often, as there may be some hints that can help us achieve this. Lexical analysis is mainly from several perspectives. The first is to see our common context, the second is to conform to the logical expression of the Chinese people, and the third is to use the logical relationship between the front and back sentences. Finally, I wish all candidates the best results!
Recommended by a renowned teacher: A collection of vocabulary and phrases for key scenarios in CET-4 listening. There are a total of 8 short dialogues in CET-4 listening, corresponding to 8 short dialogues; There are a total of 7 long dialogues, corresponding to 2 long dialogues. Among them, the vocabulary and phrases in the following themes or scenarios have repeatedly appeared in history. Getting familiar with them again at the last minute will definitely be helpful for this year's listening dialogue questions. This article has been updated to the latest exam questions from December 2009. Key Scene Vocabulary and Phrase Analysis (Essential+Must be memorized) 1. Airport (on the plane), Key 1. Airport Location Security, Check, Gate, Terminal, Check in, counter, ticket exchange counter, Customs, (Customs) 2. Airport personnel Airhostess/stewardess, (flight attendant), steward, (Kong Ge, Kong Shao), flight,attendant, (Flight attendant) 3. Airplane actions: Take, off/land, ascend/descend, post/delay/cancel. Recent question examples: (2007-2012) I, hope, you, are, packed, and, ready, to, leave. I, have, packed, my, passport, in, one, of, my, bags. (I packed my passport in one bag) 2. Restaurant, focus 1. Ordering: Order, menu, wine, list, (wine list) The sentence is:, alcohol,steak,French,Fries, (French fries) 2. Payment: Check, the, bill, please! (Pay the bill!), Treat, (Inviting guests), split,the,bill, (Separate payment) 3. Hotel, secondary key latest exam point (2007-6/12) Reservation, (high-frequency word, reservation), honeymoon,suite, (June 2007 vocabulary, honeymoon suite) Hotel, clean, discount, free, continental, breakfast, (June 2007 vocabulary, free light breakfast) 4. Library, focus 1. Books: journal, academic publications, (08-6) Original sentence: did,you,check,the,pile,of,the,journals,you,borrowed,for,the,library,the,other,day? (Have you checked the stack of academic journals borrowed from the library in the first few days?) Volume Volume: current/back, issue: current/past, periodic. 2. Person: librarian. Key topic phrases: Vocabulary analysis (essential+must be memorized) Campus, life, campus life. 1. Homework vocabulary: assignment, paper, essays, book/search, report, composition, composition textbook/reference, book reference book (07-6), copy with vocabulary: be, through, with sth. End, complete (twice tested) due, due have, sb's, hands, full, with.) sth, busy doing something (07-12) 2. Course format vocabulary: Seminar, do,you,have,the,seminar,schedule,with,you? Do you have a schedule for the seminar? Optional, course/elective, , evening/day,course, (Evening/Day Course, 09-12 Vocabulary) Compulsory, course/requirement, (Compulsory Course), presentation, Some new course names that appeared on 09-12 (multiple exams, presentations or demonstrations): Advanced, Physics, (Advanced Physics), data,processing, (Data Processing) Computer, Programming 3, Names Freshman (freshman), Sophomore (sophomore), Junior (junior), Senior (senior) (2005 exam focus) Graduate (graduate), Undergraduate (current student, undergraduate), postgraduate, (Graduate) Tutor, graduate,school, (Graduate School) Job, hunting, job seeking, (long conversation focus) Job, applicant, candidate (06-6, 08-12, candidate), apply,for,applicationPosition/post, (Obtained multiple job positions), , resume, (Resume, pay attention to pronunciation, have been tested multiple times) recruit, (have been tested continuously), reputation. Resign (retired, multiple times tested) benefit, (package), (welfare, twice tested), paid,vacation, (Paid vacation) social, security, (social insurance in the United States), relocation,expenses, (Remote compensation fees) phased, retirement, (08-12, phased retirement), be,laid,off, (Dismissal, 09-12 exam point) Hotel, consultant (08-6, hotel consulting), sales, manager (08-12, sales manager) Administrative, work, (08-12, administrative work) 2008-6the, job, will, involved, much, train, travel, (there will be frequent opportunities for train travel at work) Tell, me, about, your, present, job. .2008-12There,were,about,20,candidates,competing,for,the,sales,manager's,job.,And,finallyit,was,down,to,three,of,us,,but,the,other,two,seemed,better,qualified( Qualified). (There are 20 candidates competing for the position of sales manager. In the end, there are only three of us left, but those two seem to have a better chance of winning.) Promotion (Passed consecutively on 09-6/12) 09-6, I,heard,about,your,promotion,,you,must,be,thrilled。 (I heard you got promoted, are you so happy?) Not, really, the, new, office, is, hug, but, the, work, load, has, double. (Not necessarily, the new office is quite large, but the workload has doubled) 09-12, Aren’t,you,disappointed,that,you,didn’t,get,the,promotion? (Source: Beijing New Oriental School, Zhao Jiankun)
The CET-4 and CET-6 exams will be held on Saturdays, and the five important points to note are that the 2010 second half of the year's college CET-4 and CET-6 exams will be held on this Saturday, December 18th. For candidates who have been preparing for several months, it is the time for real combat, and their months of preparation and effort will be tested on this day. For this reason, the New Oriental Online Online Classroom CET-4 and CET-6 coaching team once again reminds everyone to maintain a confident and relaxed attitude in the last few days, and to go into battle with light equipment. At the same time, I have organized the specific schedule and precautions for the CET-4 and CET-6 exams for everyone's reference. 1、 College English Test Band 4 (CET-4) process and schedule: 8:50-9:00 Interview time: 9:00-9:10 Play exam instructions, distribute essay test papers. 9:10 Remove headphones and start essay exam. 9:35 Distribute test booklets containing quick reading (but only allowed to start at 9:40). 9:40-9:55 Do quick reading. 9:55-10:00 Receive answer sheet 1 (i.e. essay and quick reading). 9:55-10:00 Put on headphones again, try on the audio and find the channel, and prepare for the listening exam. 10:00am Start listening exam, and the radio will start playing. After the listening test is completed, the remaining test items will be completed. 11: All 20 exams have ended. 2、 The process and schedule for the College English Test Band 6 (CET-6) are as follows: 14:50-15:00. Sound and channel searching time is 15:00-15:10. Exam instructions are played and essay papers are distributed. At 15:10, headphones are removed and the essay exam begins. At 15:35, a test booklet containing quick reading questions is distributed (but it is only allowed to start at 15:40). At 15:40-15:55, the quick reading section is done. At 15:55-16:00, answer sheet one (i.e. essay and quick reading) is received. At 15:55-16:00, headphones are put on again, sound and channel searching are conducted to prepare for the listening exam. At 16:00, the listening exam begins, and the radio starts playing. After the listening section is completed, the remaining test items are. 17: 20. All exams have ended. III. Answering order and precautions. It is recommended that everyone answer the questions in the order they appear. Each question type is a key point, and accuracy is based on knowledge reserves. After sufficient preparation, each question should be followed naturally. Don't spend too much time on one question. At the same time, candidates should know which part takes the most time and which part can score the most in their pre exam training. Then, don't get too caught up in problems you don't know how to solve, because the exam time is tight and you can't afford to waste three minutes here and there. Dare to give up in order to reap rewards. Secondly, it is essential to be fully focused, especially in the listening section, and to concentrate mentally. 4、 Write on the answer sheet and pay attention to the precautions when answering questions. Read the test paper carefully and fill in each personal information item. 4、 The CET-6 exam is divided into AB papers, so don't forget to write down the types of papers. In addition, please be sure to pay attention to whether the answer direction of the test paper is horizontal or vertical. Every year, there are candidates, especially those who are accustomed to drawing cards after completing the question set, who hastily read the wrong direction of the answer on the answer sheet, resulting in drawing the wrong answer. At the same time, it is recommended to apply the card on the answer sheet at the same time as each question, and be careful and meticulous when applying the card, without any serial phenomenon. It is recommended to bring a ruler for backup when applying the card. 5、 It is important to pay attention to adjusting one's mentality before exams and ensure a healthy physique.   So, I hope that all candidates can adjust their state to the best, pay attention to a reasonable diet, maintain sufficient sleep and a healthy system, and fully believe in their own level on the day before the exam, to ensure normal performance on the spot, even exceeding the limit. The above points are hereby reminded to all candidates, hoping to be helpful for their weekend exams.
I also love watching American TV shows, especially "Prison Break" and "Gossip Girl". When I watch them, I not only focus on the plot, but also imitate useful expressions and write them down. When I have time, I flip through the brochure. I think this is very beneficial for improving overall English proficiency. I think it is important to learn English well and cultivate interest. The vivid teaching of teachers has greatly stimulated our enthusiasm for English. The gradual accumulation in daily life is also very important. While memorizing vocabulary and doing real exams, watching TV shows and listening to English songs is a great pleasure for me, a science student who often has to worry about a bunch of formulas, theorems, and chemical formulas. I hope you are the same.
09年6月四六级作文预测：邀请信邀请信Directions:,Suppose,you,are,the,dean,of,the,History,Department,,Peking,University.,You,want,to,invite,Professor,Herb,Jason,,a,well-known,scholar,of,Chinese,history,,to,come,to,attend,an,international,conference,on,Chinese,history.,You’ll,cover,the,following,points:1.The,purpose,of,the,invitation2.The,time,and,place,of,the,conference3.Ask,him,a,favor,of,presenting,a,lecture,to,your,students,during,his,stayWrite,your,letter,in,no,less,than,150,words.,Do,not,sign,your,own,name,at,the,end,of,the,letter;,use,Li,Ming,instead.,You,do,not,need,to,write,the,address。Dear,Professor,Herb,Jason,I,am,Li,Ming,,the,dean,of,the,History,Department,,Peking,University.,I,am,writing,to,invite,you,to,participate,in,an,international,conference,which,is,to,be,held,in,Beijing,from,22nd,to,25th,,July,,2009。Since,your,visit,in,Beijing,last,year,,all,the,teachers,that,attended,your,lecture,have,been,deeply,impressed,with,your,thorough,knowledge,and,profound,understanding,of,the,subject.,It,would,be,our,great,honor,if,you,could,come,to,attend,the,International,Conference,on,Chinese,History.,If,possible,,would,you,please,deliver,/address,a,speech,on,whatever,subject,that,interests,you.,Enclosed,in,this,letter,is,a,time,schedule,for,the,event.,You,would,,of,course,,receive,our,standard,honorarium,to,cover,traveling,and,other,expenses.,When,you,arrive,in,Beijing,,I,will,certainly,meet,you,at,the,airport。Please,let,me,know,your,date,of,arrival,if,you,can,come,and,tell,us,when,you,can,make,the,trip.,If,you,have,any,questions,,please,don’t,hesitate,to,contact,me.,Look,forward,to,your,favorable,reply。Yours,sincerely,Li,Ming,更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道,四六级论坛,四六级博客圈特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。
December 2008 English CET-6 Compound Dictation Original Text (Hujiang New Oriental). For more information, please visit: Sina CET-4 and CET-6 Channel, CET-4 and CET-6 Forum, CET-4 and CET-6 Blog Circle. Special note: Due to continuous adjustments and changes in various aspects, all exam information provided by Sina.com is for reference only. Candidates are advised to refer to the official information published by authoritative departments.
The design of the online examination system for the College English Test Band 4 and Band 6 has been completed and will continue to be promoted this year. Any school with the hardware conditions can participate and implement the online examination independently, "said Xu Mei, spokesperson for the Ministry of Education, at a press conference held by the Ministry of Education. According to Xu Mei, this year's traditional written exams for the English CET-4 and CET-6 are still held twice a year, and the pilot program for online exams will continue to be promoted. Schools with the necessary hardware conditions can independently participate in and implement online exams, and students can also voluntarily register to participate in regular written exams or online exams. (Reporter: Li Qiong)
The translation answer for the June 2009 CET-6 A exam (Enbo) is 87, him,out,of,buying,a,car88.,Keeping,a,sense,of,humor,helps89.,he,had,no,choice,but,to,confess,the,crime,he,had,committed90.,there,must,be,someone,who,is,speaking,ill,of,them91.,it,hard,to,resist,the,temptation,of,ice,cream, For more information, please visit the Sina CET-4 and CET-6 channels, CET-4 and CET-6 forums, and CET-4 and CET-6 blog circles. Special note: Due to continuous adjustments and changes in various aspects, all exam information provided by Sina.com is for reference only. Candidates are advised to refer to the official information published by authoritative departments.
The December 2008 College English Test (CET-4) Exam Questions (Volume A), for more information, please visit: Sina CET-4 and CET-6 Channel, CET-4 and CET-6 Forum, CET-4 and CET-6 Blog Circle. Special note: Due to continuous adjustments and changes in various aspects, all exam information provided by Sina.com is for reference only. Candidates are advised to refer to the official information published by authoritative departments.
2010年英语四级考试作文范文(海天版)四级作文：家长是否应该帮助孩子走向独立有些家长替孩子包揽一切为了帮孩子自立，家长应该In,our,modern,and,contemporary,society,,,whether,parents,should,offer,a,helping,hand,to,making,their,children,independence,has,become,a,hot,button,.,In,other,words,,,we,cannot,afford,to,lose,sight,of,the,trend,that,the,kids’,independence,has,become,a,social,focus,,,which,triggers,wide,concerns,across,the,nation,,,especially,the,parents,.,This,tide,does,exist,in,our,society,。In,our,society,,,a,sizable,portion,of,parents,,,especially,the,young,parents,,,spoil,their,kids,from,all,aspects.,Spefically,speaking,,,they,help,their,children,pile,and,clear,up,their,school,bags,,,wash,their,clothes,,even,socks,.,Besides,,they,also,talk,to,their,children,“,if,only,you,succeed,in,your,study,,,please,leave,anything,to,me”.,This,prevalent,tide,sparks,our,deep,thought。From,my,viewpoint,,,in,an,effort,to,reverse,and,eliminate,this,unfavorable,trend,mentioned,above,,,considering,the,seriousness,of,this,headache,,,Parents,are,supposed,to,teach,their,kids,how,to,cope,with,a,variety,of,complex,situations.,In,addition,,parents,also,should,take,every,opportunity,to,equip,themselves,with,advanced,educative,knowledge,and,keep,pace,with,the,times,and,communicate,with,other,parents,who,enjoys,a,wealth,of,educative,experiences.,In,a,word,,We,all,hope,that,these,children,have,less,reliance,on,their,parents,and,become,independent,economically,and,mentally.
2009年12月大学英语四级听力真题(短对话)11.,M:,Excuse,me,,do,you,have,change,for,a,ten-dollar,note?,I,need,to,pay,the,parking,meter。W:,I’m,sorry,,but,I,think,you,can,get,it,through,the,money,changer,in,the,shopping,center,across,the,street。Q:,What,is,the,man,trying,to,do?12.,M:,Can,you,recommend,something,that,a,school,boy,of,7,or,8,will,really,like?W:,I’d,suggest,this,toy,train,,sir.,It’s,an,excellent,brand.,Very,popular,all,over,the,world,these,days。Q:,What,is,the,man,doing?13.,W:,Do,you,let,people,know,when,you’re,taking,pictures,of,them?M:,I,try,not,to.,You,know,any,picture,of,a,person,who,poses,for,the,camera,would,look,dull,and,unnatural。Q:,What,are,the,speakers,talking,about?14.,W:,I,need,to,talk,to,someone,who,knows,Baltimore,well.,I’m,told,you,lived,there。M:,Oh,,but,I,was,really,young,at,the,timeQ:,What,does,the,man,mean?15.,W:,Aren’t,you,disappointed,that,you,didn’t,get,the,promotion?M:,Maybe,a,little,,but,I,know,I,need,more,experience,before,I’m,ready,for,that,kind,of,responsibility。Q:,What,do,we,learn,about,the,man,from,this,conversation?16.,W:,I’ve,been,working,out,the,gym,since,January.,I,was,a,bit,out,of,shape。M:,You,look,terrific.,It,seems,that,your,effort,has,paid,off。Q:,What,does,the,man,imply,about,the,woman?17.,W:,Professor,Clark,suggested,I,get,a,tutor,for,advanced,physics。M:,Well,,that,might,help.,Advanced,physics,is,a,pretty,difficult,course。Q:,What,does,the,man,mean?18.,W:,Bill,,have,you,heard,the,latest,news?,It,appears,we,two,won’t,be,laid,off,after,all。M:,Oh,,I’m,somewhat,tired,of,working,here.,I’ve,been,wondering,whether,I,should,resign.,Anyway,,the,news,seems,to,be,good,for,you。Q:,How,does,the,man,feel,about,the,news?相关内容：预告：13时名师点评四级真题答案,点击进入预先提问>>2009年12月大学英语四级作文范文(高分版)2009年12月大学英语四级作文范文(及格版),英语四六级考后网友大讨论：四级2009年12月英语四级考后难度调查
The Education Examination Institute reminds you that the highest score for the College English Test (CET) in June 2005 was 710 points, and only the score certificate will be issued; But the exam questions and content are the same as before. Starting from January 2006, 180 universities across the country that use the new textbooks will pilot the new CET-4 and CET-6 exams, with listening accounting for 35% instead of the current 20%. In January 2007, candidates nationwide will use the new test questions uniformly. The pilot program for Level 6 started in June 2006. The Ministry of Education held a press conference in Beijing to introduce the relevant situation of the reform of the National College English Test Band 4 and Band 6. In the current CET-4 and CET-6 exams, after each exam, everyone receives a certificate of qualification, which is divided into qualified and excellent. However, starting from June 2005, the exam scores will be distributed between 290-710 points, specifically the normal score, with an average of 500 points and a standard deviation of 70 points. The scores can be as low as 290 and as high as 710, without a passing score line. Each student will be given a total score and individual scores for each section. The future exam paper will be divided into four major sections: listening, reading, synthesis, and writing, allowing candidates to understand which one is stronger and which one is weaker in terms of their abilities. After the exam, the meaning of the score explanation will be given to the school, mainly to help the school better understand the meaning of the score. This is the first reform measure that we plan to take in the near future. The Ministry of Education has not stipulated that the scores of CET-4 and CET-6 are linked to graduation certificates and degrees.
Teacher analysis: English CET-6 cloze test (Enbo) This article is selected from Time on January 17, 2008. The original title is Slender, in, the, Grass. The article mainly discusses the importance of a green environment for individuals' physical and mental health. It is shown that living in an environment with trees and grass helps to maintain a healthy and slim figure, relieve stress, and extend lifespan. Overall, the majority of the 20 questions focus on the examination of actual words. The examination of prepositions in the function word section is relatively simple, whether it is 64 questions have, been, with, us or 68 questions get, us, closer, to, they are commonly used and will not cause any trouble for candidates to choose. The relatively difficult questions are shrinking in question 66, benefits in question 72, and necessity in question 77. Candidates need to combine the context and fully understand before making a judgment, especially the semantic analysis of the four options in question 66, which poses a significant challenge to their vocabulary. However, overall, this cloze test is relatively easy. (Enbo Education Wang Qian)
08年12月四级A卷翻译答案(沪江新东方)上海新东方四六级教研组87.,Medical,researchers,are,painfully,aware,that,there,are,many,problems,(that/which),they,haven't,found,solution,to,(他们至今还没有答案)。88.,What,most,parents,concersn,(大多数父母所关心的),is,proving,the,best,education,possible,for,their,children.89.,You'd,better,take,a,sweater,with,you,in,case,it,(should),turn,cold.(以防天气变冷)90.,Through,the,project,,many,people,have,received,training,and,decided,to,launch,their,own,enterprose,(决定自己创业)。
The National College English Test (CET) for the second half of 2010 will be held on December 18th. The CET exam will be held in the morning of the 18th and in the afternoon. The exam does not include minor languages. Candidates applying for CET6 must hold the original and photocopy of the CET4 certificate of qualification or the original and photocopy of the CET4 transcript (425 points or above, including 425 points). Due to the fact that the CET-4 and CET-6 examination committee has not yet issued the CET scores for the first half of 2010, the certification of candidates' qualifications will be completed by the examination center after verification based on the CET score database for the second half of 2010.
1、 Spoken language. A standard and fluent spoken language can immediately enhance your image and give people a good first impression. Example 1: In the movie "Happy Terminal" starring Tom Hanks, there is a plot that everyone should be familiar with: he pronounced "a, man, of, mystery" as "a, man, of, misery", which means "a painful person" with a difference of thousands of miles, naturally causing comprehension barriers. Example 2: There is no difference between 'v' and 'w' in Chinese. When saying 'I wo', if the upper teeth bite the lower lip, it doesn't matter because it won't create any ambiguity. But in English, these two sounds are very different. Vine stands for "grape vine"; And wine means' wine '. Green, wine means "new wine"; And green, vine means "green grapevine". Reading the wrong pronunciation can lead to significant differences in meaning.   2、 Listening. Listening accounts for 35% of the CET-4 exam, and if one's listening skills are not satisfactory, it is really difficult to pass the exam. During the listening process, students may have the following experiences: 1. They may not be able to hear the pronunciation clearly at all - because they are not familiar with the pronunciation rules of English; 2. I can hear the pronunciation clearly, but I can't identify which word it is - my vocabulary is not enough and I haven't memorized the words well;   4. For spot and dictation question types, if you hear clearly and know which word it is, but there is still a spelling error or a failure to remember the vocabulary. Firstly, pay attention to the pronunciation of words, both British and American. For example, 'It's, very, hot, today.' In Chinese and American, 'hot' is almost pronounced as the word 'hut'. Secondly, when a sentence is read consecutively and loses its explosive power, even the shadow of a word cannot be found. For example: This is an, ol (d), pi (c) ture of a, bi (g), car. The horizontal line represents consecutive reading, and it is unclear whether it is a single word or several words. The parentheses are not pronounced, so once the sentence is pronounced, it completely changes. But this phenomenon is indeed very common in listening. To practice listening well, the first step is to practice the pronunciation of English, including the pronunciation rules of words and sentences. Especially for children from other places, it is even more important. If a child from Hunan says' I come from Hunan ', it becomes' I come from Fran' due to the influence of dialect. And these people don't think their pronunciation is wrong, so when he hears others say it, he also thinks it's correct. In short, if our usual pronunciation is incorrect, we may not know which word it is when we hear the correct pronunciation. Therefore, in order to strengthen our listening skills, we must first enhance our pronunciation. (Party sensitive)
The difficulty level of the English CET-4 exam increased in December 2009. In terms of difficulty, this CET-4 exam has slightly increased compared to previous exams. The theme of the essay is about building a green campus, which is a topic that combines campus, environmental protection, and spiritual civilization construction that candidates are familiar with. Candidates should be able to write it fluently. In terms of reading, whether it is fast reading or slow reading, because the topic is familiar, the difficulty of reading is not too high. However, the more such an article is, the more attention should be paid to comparing the options in the title, especially the elimination of interference items when choosing between two options. The difficulty of word choice fill in the blank and type fill in the blank is relatively high, and there are difficulties in understanding the article and selecting options. The last part of the Chinese to English translation is average in terms of examination perspective and difficulty. The use of subjunctive mood and comparative structural sentence patterns are common test points in the next CET-4 exam, and candidates should have no difficulty answering them.
The secret to College English Test Band 4 and Band 6: Real test questions are a shortcut that is easily overlooked in all CET-4 and Band 6 English review, which is to improve reading quality by memorizing vocabulary through past years' real test questions. If you draw down some words on the outline of past exam papers, you will find that all the reading alone includes all the words on the outline at the end. After carefully analyzing these articles like studying texts, read them more and become familiar with them. If they are good, you can even achieve memorization, and basically all the words on the outline will be solved. And at the same time, by analyzing the questions, one can also grasp the thinking behind the questions and identify problem-solving skills. Why not achieve multiple goals in one fell swoop? Then wait for you to complete the cloze test, English to Chinese translation, and fill in the blanks with the original words. There is basically no problem with these words. Just do a few reading comprehension exercises every week and find your feelings. Of course, these words need to be reviewed and familiarized with from time to time. Once memorized, they should not be left aside and kept until the exam. Here is a classic experience of the student "Transparent Wings": Professor Zhou Lei from New Oriental once conducted a survey and found that all the difficult words and meanings in the 40 English papers of CET-4 and CET-6 were included. In other words, the true mastery of these words should be achieved through the process of carefully reading the actual questions, which require careful reading of each of the 40 papers. Among them, less than 3% of the words exceed the syllabus, and frequently tested words may appear repeatedly. This is the most effective, direct, and secure method for learning CET-4 and CET-6 vocabulary. Due to limited review time, this becomes very important. Some experience about CET-4 and CET-6 English reading: True questions are everything! My friend analyzed it very logically. So many proposition group experts only focus on producing one set of real questions per year. The questions are not lacking in precision, and there are traps everywhere. The questions are deadly. And the teachers in the tutoring books, all by themselves, suddenly came up with so many sets of questions, the quality of which cannot be compared to the real questions, and may even deviate your thinking. In fact, the real questions of CET-4 and CET-6 are sufficient for your review, without having to spend a lot of money and time on other reading materials that delay or even mislead you. Learn vocabulary in real exam reading, improve reading ability in real exam questions, and understand the key points of solving problems in real exam questions. As mentioned last time, New Oriental's reading teacher Zhou Lei said that the 40 real exam questions cover all the commonly tested usage of difficult words in the syllabus. So the real exam is first and foremost a blueprint for deepening vocabulary learning. Secondly, the selection characteristics of CET-4 and CET-6 articles have inheritance, with repetition in sentence complexity, article difficulty, and commonly tested fields. Choosing other reading materials may not necessarily be close to CET-4 and CET-6. So, reading the real test questions carefully, analyzing the difficult sentence structure and paragraph structure of each article in depth, and familiarizing yourself with the vocabulary and extended meanings in common exam areas are shortcuts to improving your CET-4 and CET-6 reading proficiency. Because CET-4 and CET-6 reading skills can only be discussed after reaching a certain level of reading proficiency. So intensive reading of real exam questions is a solid effort that must be put in to improve your CET-4 and CET-6 English scores. All empty talk techniques are not entirely effective, such as the summaries of Lao Wang in "Reading Notes", which can only be understood when your reading skills are strong. If you simply copy the original words and eat them raw, they may not be effective. At that time, when I was reviewing, I only did one or two readings a day. It was very slow, but very solid, striving to capture all the secrets between the author and the question setter. After a while, I felt very effective. In addition, real questions should not only focus on the article but also on solving problems. After reading the article, there is one more thing to do, which is to carefully analyze the question and answer. There are many pitfalls in the questions of CET-4 and CET-6, so you need to gradually understand them. The questions for the CET-4 and CET-6 exams are very detailed, but they are not focused on the details. You must have a good grasp of the author's attitude, and you must be aware of the changes in the author's viewpoint, which can be explained in detail. Let me first share my overall experience.   Do it again after a while, and you will find that what you did right last time is still right, and what you did wrong last time is still wrong. This is the experience of several classmates who reviewed with me last year without exception. Practicing so unrepentantly until the exam, your problem-solving skills will not make surprising progress, or in other words, you will not be able to consistently achieve high reading scores. The key issue is that the question setters are not you, but the experts who spend their days figuring out how to crush you. And their conspiracies are not something you can manipulate or change. So you have only one path left: change yourself, forget your own way of thinking, and desperately lean your thinking towards the expert's way of thinking. The closer you get, the easier it is to get the problem right. This process can be inspired by reading reference books at hand and taking online courses, but they only inspire you. Digestion still requires continuous summarization and experience during the process of doing real questions.
The 2009 National College English Test (CET-4 and CET-6) in Zaozhuang City has ended. The exam was held on December 19th at Zaozhuang College in Shandong Province. There are a total of 6480 applicants in Zaozhuang City, including 4860 who took the CET4 exam, with 162 examination rooms; 1620 people participated in the CET6 exam, with 54 examination rooms. Zeng Xianming, Vice Dean of Zaozhuang College, Gao Qingxi, Secretary of the Discipline Inspection Commission, Zhang Lei, Director of the Municipal Education Bureau, and Feng Yangjun, Deputy Director, visited the examination room and visited the candidates and examination staff. To ensure the smooth progress of the exam, the Education Bureau of Zaozhuang City, in collaboration with Zaozhuang College, has taken effective measures to ensure exam safety. The main measures include strict transportation of test papers and organization and management of examination affairs, strict examination conduct and discipline, optimization of examination environment, focusing on preventing and cracking down on serious disciplinary violations such as cheating using modern communication tools and organized group cheating, ensuring the smooth progress of the examination. (Chen Chao, Wang Guangqiang)
On the 19th, wireless monitoring vehicles will be dispatched for the CET-4 and CET-6 exams. The first half of this year's national college English CET-4 and CET-6 exams will be held on June 19th. 795000 students from 138 universities in Jiangsu Province have registered to take the exam, with a total of 229 examination centers and 26626 examination rooms. The Provincial Education Examination Institute will use high-tech fraud prevention equipment such as mobile signal blocking devices and wireless data transmission disruptors to maintain exam conduct and discipline. It is reported that during the exam period, the provincial radio management system will deploy radio monitoring vehicles to patrol around various exam centers, and if necessary, work with the public security to arrest and recover suspected individuals and related cheating equipment. The joint public security system provides escort for the CET-4 and CET-6 exams. The Provincial Public Security Department has issued a special document requiring relevant departments of public security bureaus in various cities to take active action, invest police forces from multiple sources, crack down on cheating in exams, and create a favorable environment for the CET-4 and CET-6 exams. Before the end of the exam, candidates are not allowed to leave early. Candidates need to bring their "three certificates" into the examination room.   During the examination period, provincial and municipal examination institutions will dispatch inspectors to conduct comprehensive inspections of the examination work at each examination site. The exam is approaching, and the Provincial Education Examination Institute reminds all candidates to consciously abide by the discipline of the College English Test Band 4 and Band 6, accept the management of the exam staff, strictly abide by the "Commitment Letter for Integrity Exam Candidates", and take the exam with integrity. For non compliant candidates, they will be dealt with seriously according to relevant regulations, up to and including expulsion from school. At the same time, any violations during the exam will be recorded in the candidate's integrity file.
CET-4 and CET-6 Listening: Ten types of keywords help you find the answer. For more information, please visit Sina CET-4 and CET-6 channels, CET-4 and CET-6 forums, and CET-4 and CET-6 blog circles. Special note: Due to continuous adjustments and changes in various aspects, all exam information provided by Sina.com is for reference only. Candidates are advised to follow the official information published by authoritative departments.
Writing guidance for CET-4 and CET-6: Practical sentence patterns that must be known before the exam. 1. Opening paragraph of argumentative essay: 1 When,talked,about,,the,overwhelming,majority,of,people,are,of,the,opinion,that----,but,others,think,a,little,bit,differently,that-------2、There,has,been,a,heated,discussion,about-----Some,people,think,that-------(, Positive viewpoint), , Others, however, are, of, the, opinion, that -- (opposing viewpoint) Middle paragraph: Those, who, argue, that -- (positive viewpoint), have,the,reasons,as,follows。 First,,------Second,------Third/Besides,------Others,also,have,their,own,opinions。 On, the, one, hand, ------- On, the, other, hand, ------- Last, but, not, the, least, ------- Ending paragraph: 1 TO,sum,up,,I,hold,that, ------(Choose either positive or negative viewpoint, with the positive viewpoint being the majority or a neutral viewpoint) 2 In,conclusion, (Same as above) 3 In,summary,4、From,what's,said,above,,I'd,like,to,bring,my,story,to,a,conclusion,that-------- 2、 Introduction to explanatory/descriptive text (commonly including bar charts, pie charts, and tables): As,is,vividly/symbolically,shown/described/depicted/illustrated/revealed,in,thedrawings/photos/pictures,,we,can,find,with,ease,that-----( As shown in the figure, we can clearly see that ---) Middle: Write down the essence behind the phenomenon based on the situation represented above Ending: Present your own ideas (solutions, methods, or means) Under,such,circunstancens,,we,ought,to,take,drastic,measures,to,lessen,the,phenomenon.,Only,in,this,way,can,the,problem,be,solved。 3、 Introduction: Explain the purpose of writing/notifying, etc. Middle: Translate the outline with supplementary information (to be expanded and extended) End: Fixed structure (thank you again, apologize, or hope to participate in activities, etc.)
The reading comprehension section accounts for 35% of the total score in the CET-4 and CET-6 exams, so the reading section score is related to the overall score. We hope that all candidates must pay attention to it and prepare in advance. 1、 In the CET-4 and CET-6 exams, reading comprehension is divided into two parts: fast reading and careful reading, which account for 10% and 25% of the total score, respectively. The quick reading section consists of 1-2 longer articles or multiple short articles, with a total length of approximately 1000 words. Require candidates to use skimming and scanning skills to extract information from the text.   Check and assess students' ability to quickly find specific information using various prompts, such as numbers, capitalized words, paragraph or sentence prefixes, etc. The question types used in the quick reading comprehension section include yes/no judgment, sentence completion, and sentence completion. The careful reading section requires candidates to read three short articles. Two short comprehension tests with multiple-choice question types, each with a length of 300-350 words. One article is for selecting words to fill in the blanks (Banked, Cloze) or short, answer, questions. The length of the fill in the blank section is 200-250 words, and the length of the short answer section is 300-350 words. The careful reading section tests candidates' reading comprehension abilities at different levels, including understanding the main idea and important details, comprehensive analysis, inferential judgment, and inferring word meanings based on context. There are several questions after a multiple-choice essay, and candidates choose the best answer from the four options in each question based on their understanding of the article. The word choice fill in the blank test tests the candidate's ability to understand and apply vocabulary in the context of the text. Require candidates to read a short article with several vocabulary words removed, and then fill in the blanks with the correct vocabulary from the given options to restore the passage. 2、 For the preparation of the reading section, vocabulary is the foundation, and at the same time, it is necessary to strengthen the practice of past exam papers. As we have introduced before, only by accumulating a sufficient amount of vocabulary in advance can we smoothly read the article and have a certain degree of understanding. In the basic stage of preparing for the exam, simulate reading first, adjust the state, and consolidate the memory of vocabulary. The focus of reading practice should be on real questions, for example, the reading of real questions from 2000 to 2010 requires careful reading and contemplation for several rounds. Until every word in the article is recognized and all answer explanations are understood. You can also take some time to read the real test questions aloud to cultivate your language sense. It is best to limit the time when practicing real exam reading in order to master one's own problem-solving speed and feel the pressure during the exam. Only in the atmosphere of simulated exams can you accurately recognize your true level, strengths, and weaknesses, in order to improve targetedly in your future studies. In terms of technical aspects, we suggest that everyone can adopt this method: 1. Read the problem once after receiving an article; 2. Then read it for the first time, no more than 2 minutes; 3. Find the center sentence of each paragraph and the center sentence of the entire text, and the answer is often in the paragraph where the center sentence is located. 4. Finally, find the answer in the paragraph. Also, beware of answer traps such as generalizing, changing concepts, and replacing the author's viewpoint with mainstream views. 3、 Propose to engage in planned, purposeful, and extensive reading practice. Because there are still more than two months left before the exam, there is relatively ample time for review. Therefore, I hope everyone can start reading English newspapers and magazines more from now on, which can not only improve their interest in learning English, but also enhance their reading ability. Only through extensive reading can one establish a sense of language, master correct reading methods, and improve reading skills. But it should be noted that this type of reading is not blind, but planned and purposeful. When encountering talented individuals, distinguish between intensive and extensive reading content, and regularly summarize the reading results. At the same time, it is important to consciously expand the scope of reading and read materials and popular science books related to the social and cultural backgrounds of countries such as the UK and the US, which is highly beneficial for improving comprehension abilities. (Source: New Oriental Online)
Heavy recommendation: Easily pass the 11 Golden Rules of Level 6. 1. Diligence and perseverance. The fundamental reason why most people cannot learn English well is laziness and spending three days fishing and two days surfing the internet. 2. Learn English as a voice rather than words. English is first and foremost a sound, and words are merely specimens of sound. So a large amount of sound input and output is essential, and in the early stages, we should use our ears and mouth more and use our eyes less. A child learns their mother tongue through listening and speaking, and opening their ears is the first step in learning language. They first establish sound order in the noise they cannot understand. If you want to learn English well, a repeating machine is an indispensable tool. You don't have to break down a few machines. Your English is definitely mute. 3. We suggest starting from learning vocabulary by listening to sounds and memorizing words, in order to establish a person's conditioned reflex ability towards the sound and image of English words. Moreover, the spelling of most English words is regular, and once you remember their sounds, spelling becomes easier and you can speak them fluently. 4. For vocabulary learning, we suggest expanding in large quantities from the beginning, setting aside grammar, sentence patterns, and discourse. Wait until a person has 700 words before learning sentence patterns, dialogues, and passages. Word learning should adopt the methods of listening and memorizing words, dictation, repeated loops, multiple classifications, and learning words through sentences and chapters, so that words are alive. Pay attention to the learning of universal verbs and phrases such as TAKT, DO, GET, etc. 5. If the grammar remains unchanged and the sense of idioms remains unchanged, there will definitely be no way to use it. The breakthrough of grammar must rely on the formation of language sense, but the formation of language sense must rely on a large amount of memorization, speaking, and reading traffic to form. But early memory of grammar rules is also important. 6. Listening is a weak link for countless students, and we believe that listening extensively to a hundred articles is better than memorizing one article thoroughly. We suggest that everyone adopt Teacher Zhong Daolong's listening style, writing one sentence after another. If you don't understand, repeat until you can't write it, and then read the original text again. This way, you can hit the weakest link in your listening every time, which is particularly effective.   Listen to the standard pronunciation sentence by sentence first, and then memorize it thoroughly. 8. We believe that reading more bilingual literature is also helpful for improving vocabulary and developing language sense. 9. For improving writing skills, we believe that doing more Chinese English translation exercises is very helpful. You can choose Chinese that already have English original text for translation exercises. 10. After completing the above tasks, practicing speaking skills with native English speakers is sufficient. If the first item cannot be achieved, all 10 items after it will be invalidated. I believe you can achieve the above 11 points, not just passing the English CET-6. The overall English proficiency will be qualitatively improved, not just reflected in a few numbers on the score.
2010年6月英语六级听力篇章3原文(昂立)以下是2010年6月19日六级答案听力Passage3原文：Esperanto,is,an,artificial,languagedesigned,to,serve,internationally,as,an,auxiliary,means,of,communication,amongspeakers,of,different,languages.,It,is,created,by,Ludwig,Lejzer,Zamenhof,,a,Polish-Jewish,doctor,specialized,in,eyediseases.,Esperanto,was,first,presented,in,1887.,An,international,movement,waslaunched,to,promote,its,use.,Despite,arguments,and,disagreements,,the,movementhas,continued,to,flourish,and,has,members,in,more,than,80,countries.,Esperantois,used,internationally,across,language,boundaries,by,at,least,1,millionpeople,,particularly,in,specialized,fields.,It,is,used,in,personal,contacts,,onradio,broadcasts,,and,in,a,number,of,publications,as,well,as,in,translations,ofboth,modern,works,and,classics.,Its,popularity,has,spread,from,Europe,,botheast,and,west,,to,such,countries,as,Brazil,and,Japan.,It,is,,however,,in,Chinathat,Esperanto,has,had,its,greatest,impact.,It,is,taught,in,universities,andused,in,many,translations,,often,in,scientific,or,technological,works.,El,Popola,Cinio,,which,means,From,People’sChina,,is,a,monthly,magazine,in,Esperanto,,and,is,read,worldwide.,RadioBeijing’s,Esperanto,program,is,the,most,popular,program,in,Esperanto,in,theworld。Esperanto’s,vocabulary,is,drawn,primarilyfrom,Latin,,the,Romance,languages,,English,,and,German.,Spelling,is,completelyregular.,A,simple,and,consistent,set,of,endings,indicates,grammatical,functionsof,words.,Thus,,for,example,,every,noun,ends,in,o,,every,adjective,in,a,,andthe,basic,form,of,every,verb,in,i.,Esperanto,also,has,a,highly,productivesystem,of,constructing,new,words,from,old,ones。Questions,33,to,35,are,based,on,the,passageyou,have,just,heard。33.,What,does,the,speaker,tell,us,about,theEsperanto?34.,What,is,said,about,the,internationalmovement,to,promote,the,use,of,Esperanto?35.,What,does,the,speaker,say,aboutEsperanto,in,China?来源：昂立教育
09年6月四级听力答案(沪江新东方)新东方版2009年6月四级A卷听力答案上海新东方学校四六级教研组Short,Conversation11.,She,has,always,enjoyed,great,popularity12.,They,are,going,to,have,a,holiday13.,He,was,very,courageous14.,Buy,a,new,washing,machine15.,He,is,not,excited,about,his,new,position16.,The,man,offers,to,drive,the,women,to,the,party17.,Finalizing,a,contract18.,She,ordered,some,paperLong,Conversation19,He,can,no,longer,work,at,sea20,She,passed,away,years,ago21,She,has,never,got,on,with,her,father22,He,is,excellent,but,looks,bad-tempered23,Some,of,the,packs,do,not,contain,manuals24,solve,the,problem,at,her,company's,cost25,IdealPassage26,C,it,takes,lots,of,time27,D,they,may,pollute,the,environment28,A,place,the,food,mixture,only29,C,he,will,lie,whenever,he,wants30,C,she,broke,up,with,him31,A,buy,her,a,new,set,of,tires32,C,it's,hard,for,them,to,get,along,with,other,birds33,D,he,is,too,young,to,manage,his,inherited,property34,A,she,wants,Amanda,to,get,professional,care35,D,the,pursuing,of,protectionCompound,Dictation36,concentrated,40,row37,information,41,suspected38,depends,42,phenomenon,(现象)39,straight,43,efficiently44,our,second,rule,of,learning,is,this:,it,is,better,to,study,fairly,briefly,but,often。45,Let's,say,you,are,trying,to,learn,some,new,and,rather,difficult,English,vocabulary,using,a,stack,of,cards。46,The,answer,is,it,is,better,to,space,out,the,presentations,of,the,word,you,are,to,learn。特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。
《英语周报》英语六级考试全真模拟试题五《英语周报大学综合版》大学英语六级考试全真模拟试题(5)听力部分English,Weekly,CET-6,Listening,Practice,Test,ⅤPart,III,Listening,ComprehensionSection,ADirections:,In,this,section,,you,will,hear,8,short,conversations,and,2,long,conversations.,At,the,end,of,each,conversation,,one,or,more,questions,will,be,asked,about,what,was,said.,Both,the,conversation,and,the,questions,will,be,spoken,only,once.,After,each,question,there,will,be,a,pause.,During,the,pause,,you,must,read,the,four,choices,marked,A)，,B)，,C),and,D)，,and,decide,which,is,the,best,answer.,Then,mark,the,corresponding,letter,on,Answer,Sheet,2,with,a,single,line,through,the,centre。11.,M:,Finally,I,got,the,chance,to,put,on,my,new,suit,tonight.,I’ve,got,to,leave,a,good,impression,with,your,family。W:,Come,on,,it’s,merely,a,family,reunion.,So,jeans,and,T-shirt,are,just,fine。Q:,What,does,the,woman,imply?12.,W:,If,I,send,this,package,third,class,,how,long,will,it,take,to,arrive?M:,About,two,weeks.,But,many,people,don’t,realize,that,first,class,is,only,a,dollar,fifty,moreand,it,will,get,there,in,just,a,few,days.,Now,,which,would,you,prefer,,third,class,or,first,class?Q:,What,does,the,man,suggest,the,woman,do?13.,M:,Can,you,believe,the,way,Susan,was,talking,to,her,roommate?,No,wonder,they,don’t,get,along。W:,Well,,maybe,Susan,was,just,reacting,to,something,that,her,roommate,said.,There,are,two,sides,to,every,story,you,know。Q:,What,does,the,woman,mean?14.,W:,Peter,can't,help,finding,fault,with,everything。M:,That's,why,Ruth,became,so,angry,at,him,and,decided,to,break,up,their,engagement。Q:,What,can,we,learn,from,the,conversation?15.,M:,How,did,you,get,the,theater,tickets?W:,One,of,the,director's,friends,gave,them,to,me,,but,they,weren't,free,,I,paid,for,them。Q:,How,did,the,woman,get,the,tickets?16.,W:,So,how,are,you,getting,along,with,Debbie’s,cat?M:,Well,,she,never,comes,when,I,call,her,,she,spills,her,food,,and,she,sheds,all,over,the,place.,I,can’t,wait,till,Debbie,gets,back。Q:,What,does,the,man,imply?17.,M:,Do,you,have,hot,water,in,your,dorm?,Because,we,haven’t,had,any,for,three,days,and,I,hate,cold,showers。W:,Oh,,sounds,miserable.,Since,the,gym’s,usually,open,,why,don’t,you,just,go,over,there,to,fix,the,problem。Q:,What,does,the,woman,suggest,the,man,do?18.W:,I’m,really,having,a,hard,time,finishing,the,project,Prof.,Smith,asked,us,to,do.,Do,you,think,he,will,give,us,more,time,to,do,it?M:,Not,in,a,million,years.,You,know,how,sticky,he,is,about,changing,project,due,dates。Q:,What,does,the,man,mean?Now,you’ll,hear,two,long,conversations。Conversation,OneM:,China,has,held,many,cultural,exchange,activities,in,Europe,and,many,other,parts,of,the,world。The,coming,China,Culture,Week,is,the,largest,cultural,exhibition,of,its,kind.,May,I,know,the,purpose,of,staging,such,an,exhibition?W:,We,have,entered,the,new,millennium.,We,hope,that,the,exhibition,will,help,the,British,people,and,people,from,other,parts,of,the,world,learn,about,the,past,and,the,present,of,China。Meanwhile,,the,Culture,Week,is,expected,to,promote,the,exchanges,between,China,and,the,UK,and,the,understanding,of,the,two,cultures,,and,narrow,the,distance,between,the,East,and,the,West。M:,What,will,be,displayed,within,the,seven,days?W:,We,have,selected,some,subjects,that,represent,the,essence,of,Chinese,culture,,both,ancient,and,modern.,The,activities,are,of,two,major,types:,exhibitions,and,performances。M:,Could,you,tell,me,more,about,the,exhibition?W:,Well,,it,includes,the,achievements,of,China's,education,,culture,,architecture,,science,and,technology.,We'll,show,you,the,new,outlook,of,Beijing,and,Shanghai,as,well,as,the,best,works,of,Chinese,pottery,,costumes,of,Beijing,Opera,and,cultural,relics,unearthed,in,China。M:,What,about,the,Beijing,Opera,costumes,to,be,displayed?W:,Beijing,Opera,originated,from,Beijing,some,200,years,ago,during,the,Qing,Dynasty.,It's,a,performing,art,that,embraces,opera,performance,,singing,,music,,dancing,and,martial,arts.,The,costume,exposition,will,present,200,years,of,development,of,the,"Oriental,Opera",and,the,performing,costume,dating,back,to,the,late,Qing,Dynasty.,The,costume,design,adopted,exaggeration,and,symbolic,means,and,bright,colors.,The,materials,are,unique,,so,are,the,ailoring,skills.,Another,exhibition,will,display,a,total,of,600,sets,of,clothes,,including,the,ancient,clothes,of,different,dynasties,from,Qin,to,Han,,the,costumes,of,China's,ethnic,groups,and,modern,garments,and,accessories.,Famous,models,from,the,mainland,will,participate,to,present,the,achievements,of,the,Chinese,garment,industry,and,Chinese,designers。M:,Thank,you,very,much,for,the,introduction.,I,wish,the,coming,China,Culture,Week,a,complete,success。W:,Thanks,,and,expect,to,see,you,again,at,the,exhibition。Questions,19,to,22,are,based,on,the,conversation,you,have,just,heard。19.,Which,of,the,following,is,not,true,about,the,coming,China,Culture,Week?20.,What's,the,main,purpose,of,the,China,Culture,Week?21.,Which,of,the,following,will,NOT,be,included,in,the,exhibition?22.,What,do,you,know,about,Beijing,Opera,from,the,talk?,更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道,四六级论坛,四六级博客圈特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。
2009年12月大学英语四级听力真题(第三段)CET4,Passage,3It’s,logical,to,suppose,that,things,like,good,labor,relations,,good,working,conditions,,good,wages,and,benefits,and,job,security,motivate,workers,,but,one,expert,,Fredrick,Herzberg,argued,that,such,conditions,do,not,motivate,workers.,They,are,merely,satisfiers.,Motivators,,in,contrast,,include,things,such,as,having,a,challenging,and,interesting,job,,recognition,and,responsibility.,However,,even,with,the,development,of,computers,and,robotics,,there’re,always,plenty,of,boring,,repetitive,and,mechanical,jobs,and,lots,of,unskilled,people,who,have,to,do,them.,So,how,do,mangers,motivate,people,in,such,jobs?,One,solution,is,to,give,them,some,responsibilities,,not,as,individuals,,but,as,a,part,of,a,team.,For,example,,some,supermarkets,can,buy,office,stuff,to,people,who,fill,the,shelves,,and,the,people,who,work,at,the,check,out,into,a,team,,and,let,them,decide,what,product,lines,to,stock,,how,to,display,them,and,so,on.,Many,people,now,talk,about,the,importance,of,a,company’s,shared,values,or,culture,with,which,all,the,staff,can,identify,,for,example,,being,the,best,hotel,chain,,or,making,the,best,,the,most,user-friendly,or,the,most,reliable,products,in,a,particular,field.,Such,values,are,more,likely,to,motivate,workers,than,financial,targets,which,automatically,only,concern,a,few,people.,Unfortunately,,there’s,only,a,limited,number,of,such,goals,to,go,around,and,by,definition,,not,all,the,competing,companies,in,that,industry,can,seriously,plan,to,be,the,best。Questions,32,to,35,are,based,on,the,passage,you,have,just,heard。Q32:,What,can,actually,motivate,workers,according,to,Fredrick,Herzberg?Q33:,What,does,the,speaker,say,about,jobs,in,the,computer,era?Q34:,What,do,some,supermarkets,do,to,motivate,their,employees?Q35:,Why,does,the,speaker,say,financial,targets,are,less,likely,to,motivate,workers?
English CET-6 Reading Sprint: Five days before the exam, I will guide you to chat with you about a few questions related to CET-6 reading. Firstly, "Many questions cannot be solved by details. What should we do?" Xu Kefeng's tip: These questions that cannot be solved by details must involve the topic sentence of the article. As long as you find the topic sentence and understand it, the answer will come out. So how to find the topic sentence? Xu Kefeng suggests finding a topic sentence at the beginning of a paragraph. Generally speaking, for articles that use deduction to express viewpoints, the topic is often pointed out at the beginning of the article, and then specific statements are made around this topic. It often gives readers a clear and concise feeling, making them immediately understand what the article is about, that is, the main idea of the article. The topic sentence located at the end of the sentence is an article written in the induction mode. The topic sentence often appears at the end of a paragraph or article to emphasize the conclusion drawn based on the specific facts provided by the explanatory sentence. There are two types of topic sentences that appear in a paragraph: either ask a question first, then give an answer (topic sentence), and then give an explanation, or ask a question first, then point out the topic idea (topic sentence), and finally give an explanation. Some short texts have two main topic sentences before and after, which narrate the same content but use different words. This not only emphasizes the main idea, but also appears more flexible and varied. These two sentences are simply repeated, and the latter topic sentence either provides a final commentary on the topic, summarizes the main points, or extends them for the reader to think about. 2、 What should I do if I encounter unfamiliar words while reading an article? "The outline clearly states that there are 3% of the words in the article that exceed the syllabus, so it is certain to encounter unfamiliar words. But we need students to cleverly avoid it. The method of cleverly bypassing unfamiliar words that we are referring to here is consistent with the approach of analyzing the structural characteristics of the article above. In other words, as long as we grasp the article as a whole, we can understand the entire article without knowing every word. 1. Not all words in English articles have the same function. Some words are responsible for conveying the main information, while others mainly serve grammatical purposes or convey information that is not related to other information in the following text. These types of words include: referring to proper nouns such as personal names, place names, and institutional names. When encountering these words, as long as we can recognize them as proper nouns, we can understand the article without knowing their meaning. For example, in the following sentence: 'In, fact', 'says',' David ',' Dinges', 'a', 'sleep', 'specialty', 'at', 'the', 'University of Pennsylvania', 'School of Medicine', 'there's',' even ',' a ',' prohibition ',' against ',' admission ',' we ',' needed ',' sleep '. The part between the two quotation marks doesn't need to be addressed. Similarly, there are:, ",We,have,to,totally,change,our,attitude,toward,napping,",says,Dr.,William,Dement,of,Stanford,University,the,godfather,of,sleep,research。 2. The reason why we don't need to clarify certain parts above is that they often have an appositive phrase behind them to explain their meaning. This raises the second reason why we don't need to understand the meanings of all the words. That is to say, if we are not familiar with a certain word in the article, we can also use other information in the same article to help make a judgment. This type of information includes: appositives, definitions, explanations, examples, synonyms, antonyms, superscripts, and punctuation marks (such as dashes and colons that indicate explanations and clarifications). 3、 How to deal with the fast reading of CET-6? "Many students lamented that fast reading only takes 15 minutes, which is too difficult for people. To read such a long article. The teacher told us to search for answers based on the questions, but since the answers are distributed in different places, how can you directly find them without reading them all? Tip: Read the problem first and then read the article. Don't stop when reading the article, and don't stop thinking when encountering something you don't understand. It will waste a lot of time. Basically, use scanning. When you see sentences that are related to the problem, read them carefully. Generally, you can find the answer. Don't be too nervous. Take it easy and complete the problem in about ten minutes. 4、 What should I do if I make more than six mistakes every time I do CET-6 reading? "Tip: In the remaining 5 days, please analyze the reasons for the previous mistakes again. Because Xu Kefeng found that any problems encountered by candidates in the exam room were actually the first time they encountered them, and they had already encountered them repeatedly before entering the exam room. Why do candidates make the same mistakes repeatedly? Due to insufficient emphasis, I strongly recommend analyzing the reasons for answering the wrong questions in the remaining 5 days. 5、 I have taken the CET-6 exam several times, but I don't have enough reading time. What should I do? "Tip: Many candidates used to guess based on their own ideas. Xu Kefeng reminds me that it is necessary to find corresponding sentences in the original text. Firstly, browse the title and draw the key points in the sentence. Such proprietary terms as time, place, and characters are waiting for them, because if reading is based on one's own feelings to choose answers, the accuracy rate is naturally not high, so draw important parts to highlight them; 2. Then search for the basis for solving the problem in the article. Please pay attention to improving your fast browsing speed, finding the sentences where the main information is located, and be sure to memorize more words, otherwise you will encounter an awkward situation where you know all of them but cannot translate them. By doing the real questions seriously and persistently, I believe you will achieve high accuracy. Finally, Wendu Education Group and Brother Xu wish you a smooth passing of the CET-6 exam! Expert introduction: Xu Kefeng, "People's Daily Online", interviewed English testing expert and career planner. Teacher Xu first entered the field of career planning by providing English tutoring for postgraduate entrance exams, and then guided postgraduate candidates to look at their career plans. Whether discussing the workplace in the exam room or in the workplace, he did not watch from afar, but instead immersed himself in it, teaching with the most candid sincerity and effectiveness,. Mr. Xu has a profound academic background in language testing, testing psychology, and functional grammar. The "Daily Notes on Exam Points" and "Daily Practice on Exam Questions" serialized on his blog have become essential content for postgraduate candidates to read every day. Wind fans are spread all over the country, and what they bring to them is not only knowledge, but more importantly, the confidence to win. After ten years of teaching, Teacher Xu has helped tens of thousands of postgraduate candidates stand on a higher starting line, and I believe he can also help you stand on a higher starting line. (Source: Wendu Education)
In December 2008, Chen Chen, a researcher of CET-4 and CET-6, reviewed the comprehensive question types and strategies before the CET-4 and CET-6 exams, and Yan Yan flew south. The early winter season is more melancholic than autumn. In this charming and melancholic season, we are about to welcome the 2008 Winter National College English Test Band 4 and Band 6. This year, in accordance with some regulations of the Ministry of Education, the National College English Test (CET) Committee has made a significant change to the format of the College English Test (CET) in response to the development and needs of the times - computer-based testing. This exam is another subversion of tradition after the reform of the CET-4 and CET-6 examination committee began in the summer of 2006. Firstly, I think candidates should not feel too nervous about computer-based exams. If it is a new thing, then it has the characteristics of a new thing. Although it comes with a fierce momentum, it is not very mature after all. Therefore, we need to look down upon it strategically and attach importance to it tactically. The so-called 'strategic contempt' refers to what people often say, 'There must be a road when the car reaches the mountain, and a straight road when the boat reaches the bridge.'; Tactical emphasis "means that it is still necessary to review before the exam. Although this is a computer-based exam, we don't necessarily have to do exercises in front of the computer every time, as it can cause visual fatigue and be quite detrimental to the upcoming CET-4 and CET-6 exams. Therefore, the so-called 'paperless, practicing' should be avoided as much as possible in daily life. We need to rationally allocate more time to regular practice. As for the whole country, the exam on December 20th will still be conducted in the traditional mode. Today, I want to talk to you about how to do comprehensive questions. This section contains two important parts: first, cloze filling, and second, translation. These two parts account for 15% of the score in the entire test paper, with cloze test accounting for 10% and translation questions accounting for 5%. Although their proportion in the 710 point exam may not seem very high, it is extremely important for two types of candidates: the first is students who do average in listening, reading, and writing. For everyone, this section is the key to their chances of passing the CET-4 and CET-6 exams. Due to unsatisfactory performance in the previous section, we need scores here to balance the overall score of the test paper. When practicing cloze tests in daily life, we should pay more attention to induction and summarization. Every time we finish an article, we need to record the wrong questions and options in a notebook, and carefully study and identify words that are easily confused in form or meaning by looking them up in a dictionary. I would like to advise everyone to use electronic dictionaries as little as possible. Many electronic dictionaries have reduced their memory in order to pursue higher commercial profits, so it is not possible to fully display the meaning of each word. Therefore, I suggest that if you still have the opportunity, you should look up the dictionary more. At the same time, in the English Chinese dictionary, each word or phrase is followed by one or two example sentences, which is of great significance for mastering the meaning and usage of words. After receiving a completion question, the first thing we need to do is to read through the main idea of the entire text, which will help us solve the problem through the background of the question. Then, everyone fills in the spaces they can identify. We will use the elimination method to solve the remaining questions. For students with poor foundations, translation questions are not part of the bonus points. But here, we need to carefully spell the words that can be written correctly in each sentence, especially paying attention to the changes in tense and singular and plural forms. The second type is students who pursue high scores and pass exams. For these students, their psychological pressure is much lower than that of the candidates mentioned above. In other question types, many experts are on the same level, and the comprehensive part is a territory for real experts to showcase their strength and widen the gap. Therefore, we should pay attention to cultivating language sense among these students during our daily practice, and reading foreign articles carefully is a good choice. When completing the typing, we should try our best to guess the words ourselves, so that we can give the answer as quickly and accurately as possible. I don't know if you have noticed, but many of the words in the options are either words you think of or replacement words for the words you think of. This type of complete problem-solving method can help students with higher levels to fully utilize their abilities. Of course, we also have uncertain options. At this point, we focus more on analyzing sentence structure and making final decisions based on language intuition. After completing the typing, it is also a time for experts to showcase their talents in the Chinese English translation. For candidates with good English proficiency, it is not difficult to fill in the sentences completely in this section, but I believe that simply completing them is not our goal. We should think about how to express ourselves more authentically and leave a good impression on the teacher. During the grading process, I found that the scoring rate for this section was very low, with a large portion being written incorrectly. However, if the writing was not authentic, I generally did not receive full marks. Of course, we also need to pay attention to the tense and singular/plural forms of words. There are still about 20 days left until the exam. Through the analysis of the cloze test content in recent CET-4 and CET-6 exams, we have observed that questions with similar meanings and forms occupy the majority of the positions. Meanwhile, some questions that test the subjunctive mood also appear in the middle. In addition to these, examining the usage of some prepositions is also increasingly being emphasized. Therefore, in the last less than 20 days, we need to focus on targeted review of the key exam areas mentioned above, clarify the usage of subjunctive mood, and memorize more fixed collocations. Regarding translation questions, it is not difficult to find that through comparing this type of question in multiple exams, most of the original types of questions were supplemented with the first half of the sentence. The current testing methods have become more diversified, which involves testing both the beginning, middle, and end of a sentence. This requires candidates to memorize more collocations and sentence patterns before the exam, such as subjunctive mood, emphasis sentences, and so on. These are some problem-solving methods and experiences developed by me and our Dian Dian English team members. As the exam was approaching, I wrote it down to share with everyone. Finally, on behalf of DianDian English, I wish all candidates a successful passing of the National College English Test Band 4 and Band 6. For more information, please visit the Sina CET-4 and CET-6 channels, CET-4 and CET-6 forums, and CET-4 and CET-6 blog circles. Special note: Due to continuous adjustments and changes in various aspects, all exam information provided by Sina.com is for reference only. Candidates are advised to refer to the official information published by authoritative departments.
Advertisements for the CET-4 and CET-6 exams flood campuses, with businesses promising to include "Bond., James, Bond." This is a classic line from the 007 film series. Some people have changed the homophone to "I have already taken it, you have all taken it", which has become an advertising slogan for illegal vendors selling English CET-4 and CET-6 exam answers to a large number of candidates. Therefore, some students refer to these illegal vendors as exam assistants "007". As the deadline for this year's College English Test Band 4 and Band 6 (December 18th) approaches, there is a flood of advertisements for these exams on university campuses.   On the eve of the exam, exam advertisements flooded the campus. December 18th is the time for the National English Test Band 4 and Band 6.   Recently, reporters conducted an investigation into several universities in Kaifeng.   The advertiser not only left their contact information, but also expressed their desire to hire campus agents. Subsequently, the reporter applied for the campus agency and added the QQ number provided in the "Jincheng Exam Assistance" advertisement as a friend, and passed their friend authentication. When the reporter expressed his intention to act as his campus agent, "Jin Cheng Assistant Exam" agreed after conducting a detailed identity check on the reporter. Jin Cheng Assistant Exam "told reporters:" We will offer you a commission of 50 yuan per person for 5 or more people, 70 yuan per person for 10 or more people, and 100 yuan per person for 15 or more people. "He also stated that campus agents are mainly responsible for equipment distribution and transmission of answers. The main equipment includes: invisible headphones, which are magnetic speakers the size of Xiaomi. During the summer, exam assistants also provide more user-friendly "vest headphones". During the exam, the person delivering the answers will be within 1000 meters of the exam room and use a walkie talkie to read the answers to the candidates. In addition, answers can also be transmitted using electronic erasers.   You can rest assured of our strength. We have a professional team to ensure that you receive at least 470 points in addition to your essay. If you fail this year, we will provide you with answers for free next year... "The person in charge on the other end of the phone said confidently. Filling in personal information, sending equipment, paying a deposit, signing an agreement, and conducting multiple valid tests, exams, transmitting answers, and paying the remaining money are all procedures that the merchant promises to assist with integrity.   Xiao Wang is one of them. On the eve of the CET-4 exam in June this year, after handing over 600 yuan to the exam assistant, he received a set of "equipment": invisible headphones and a cheat watch. The answer was received in the exam, but the accuracy was greatly reduced. Xiao Wang did not pass the exam and had to prepare for the next one. Xiao Zhang from the same school also had the same experience as Xiao Wang. Although the answer was displayed on Xiao Zhang's electronic eraser towards the end of the exam, like most people who have bought the answer, Zhang also experienced disappointment amidst high expectations. I hope you can advise students in the report not to take exam advertisements seriously, and that studying diligently is the most fundamental, "Xiao Zhang said. Lawyer's statement: Both buying and selling answers will be punished. Li Xuyan, the legal advisor of this newspaper and director of the Zhengzhou branch of Beijing Dacheng Law Firm, said that according to relevant regulations, those who sell English CET-4 and CET-6 answers to assist cheating will be detained and fined depending on the circumstances. At the same time, regarding the English CET-4 and CET-6 exams, the Ministry of Education has issued a violation handling method. Students who use invisible headphones or mobile phones to transmit answers, once discovered, will be subject to disciplinary measures such as detention in school or above. (Reporter: Zhou Bin, Interns: Xi Yihao, Xu Fangfang, Chen Long)
Recommended by renowned teachers: 36 proverbs and maxims that can be quoted in CET-4 and CET-6 essays: 1. Practice, makes, perfect. Practice makes perfect. 2.God,helps,those,who,help,themselves., Heavenly helpers who help themselves. 3.Easier,said,than,done., It's easier said than done. 4.Where,there,is,a,will,there,is,a,way., Where there is a will, there is a way. 5.One,false,step,will,make,a,great,difference., A tiny mistake can lead to a thousand miles of error. 6.Slow,and,steady,wins,the,race., Steady and steady progress leads to no victory. 7.A,fall,into,the,pit,a,gain,in,your,wit., A fall into a ditch makes you wiser. 8.Experience,is,the,mother,of,wisdom., Practice brings true knowledge. 9.All,work,and,no,play,makes,jack,a,dull,boy., Working without playing makes smart children stupid. 10.Beauty,without,virtue,is,a,rose,without,fragrance。 The beauty of immorality is like a rose without fragrance, with only its surface. 11.More,hasty,less,speed., More haste, less speed. 12.It's,never,too,old,to,learn., It is never too late to learn. 13.All,that,glitters,is,not,gold., Not all that shines is gold. 14.A,journey,of,a,thousand,miles,begins,with,a,single,step。 A thousand mile trip begins with one step. 15.Look,before,you,leap., look before you leap. 16.Rome,was,not,built,in,a,day., Great achievements are not made in a day. 17.Great,minds,think,alike., Heroes share similar views. 18.well,begun,half,done., A good start is half the battle. 19.It,is,hard,to,please,all., It is hard to please all. 20.Out,of,sight,out,of,mind., Without seeing, without thinking. 21.Facts,speak,plainer,than,words., Actions speak louder than words. 22.Call,back,white,and,white,back., confuse right and wrong. 23.First,things,first., Everything has its own priorities. 24.Ill,news,travels,fast., Bad news spreads far and wide. 25.A,friend,in,need,is,a,friend,indeed., A friend in need is a friend indeed. 26.live,not,to,eat,but,eat,to,live., Living is not for eating, eating is for living. 27.Action,speaks,louder,than,words., Actions speak louder than words. 28.East,or,west,home,is,the,best., A golden or silver nest is not as good as one's own grass nest. 29.It's,not,the,gay,coat,that,makes,the,gentleman., A gentleman's virtue is not in his clothes. 30.Beauty,will,buy,no,beef., Beauty cannot be eaten as food. 31.Like,and,like,make,good,friends., Shared interests. 32.The,older,,the,wiser., Ginger is old and spicy. 33.Do,as,Romans,do,in,Rome., Do as the romans do. 34.An,idle,youth,a,needy,age., A young idler, an old beggar. 35.As,the,tree,so,the,fruit., Planting melons yields melons, planting beans yields beans. 36.To,live,is,to,learn,to,learn,is,to,better,live。 Live to learn, learn to live better.
Translation reference answer and analysis for CET-4 in June 2009 (Angli) Translation reference answer for CET4 in June 2009 is 87, difficulties,in,catching,up,with,his,classmates88.,wouldn’t,have,been,caught,in,rain。 89., more,likely,to,gain,weight90.,What,most,people,haven’t,realized91.,closely,related,to,the,lack,of,exercise。 Key phrases, virtual+passive - June 2009 CET4 translation analysis Sun Huanhuan Overall, the translation difficulty of this exam is moderate, basically the same as previous years, mainly focusing on the examination of phrases, as well as the correct use of fixed sentence structures and virtual tones. The focus of the examination is on the language proficiency of the candidates. These points have been repeatedly emphasized to everyone in class. As long as you carefully review the key grammar points mentioned in the lecture notes before the exam, I believe most candidates can handle the exam with ease. 87., Soon,after,he,transferred,to,the,new,school,,Ali,found,that,he,had______________( It's difficult to communicate with classmates at work (in, math, and English). Analysis: The essence of doing CET-4 and CET-6 translation questions is to complete sentences, so both the English question stem and the Chinese part need to be carefully analyzed. Firstly, the adverb of time, 'He transferred to a new school not long ago,' was examined in the second long dialogue of the first set of new question types after the CET-4 reform in June 2006. The main sentence has been given the verb 'had', so the translation should use phrases that are paired with 'had', such as' difficulties', 'in', 'doing', and 'th'. Additionally, examine the phrase 'catch up', which means catch, up, with, and sb. Reference answer: difficulties,in,catching,up,with,his,classmates88.,If,she,had,returned,an,hour,earlier,,Mary___________________( I won't get caught in the heavy rain. Analysis: This question examines the subjunctive mood. If the tense used in the conditional sentence is past perfect tense, it can be seen that it is a hypothesis about something that has already happened in the past, that is, "if she returned an hour earlier". The corresponding expression of the main sentence being examined is "would, have, done". The phrase 'drenched in heavy rain', examining the passive voice, be,caught,in,rain。 Reference answer: wouldn't, have, been, caught, in, rain. 89. It, is, said, that, those, who, are, stressed, or, over, overtime, are ___________ (more likely to gain weight). Analysis: The phrase "more likely" tested in this question has been tested twice in this year's real exam. In December 2006, it was translated as question 90, "may feel lonely when going out (are, like, to, feel, lonely, when, away, from, home)", and in December 2007, it was translated as question 88, "I'm more, like, to, get, tired, than, before". We repeatedly emphasize be, (more), like, to, do, sth in AnLi's classroom. This phrase is easy for students who listen attentively in class and should feel very happy. Additionally, examine the phrase 'gain, weight'. Reference answer: more, likely, to, gain, weight90., __________________ (something many people are not aware of) is,that,Simon,is,a,lover,of,sports,,and,football,in,particular。 Analysis: The Chinese part of this question corresponds to the missing subject in the sentence and examines the subject clause; In addition, regarding the choice of tense, both verbs and relative clauses use the present tense (is). According to the principle of tense consistency, we use the present perfect tense in the translation to express a state that has lasted from the past to the present. Reference answer: What,most,people,haven’t,realized91.,The,study,shows,that,the,poor,functioning,of,the,human,body,is, ______________(closely related to lack of exercise). Analysis: This question examines the phrases "related to...", i.e. be, related, to, sth., and "lacking", i.e. "lack, of, sth"; There is also the adverb 'close', which means close. Reference answer: close, related, to, the, lack, of, exercise June 2009 CET4 translation reference answer 87, difficulties,in,catching,up,with,his,classmates88.,wouldn’t,have,been,caught,in,rain。 89., more,likely,to,gain,weight90.,What,most,people,haven’t,realized91.,closely,related,to,the,lack,of,exercise。 Key phrases, virtual+passive - June 2009 CET4 translation analysis Sun Huanhuan Overall, the translation difficulty of this exam is moderate, basically the same as previous years, mainly focusing on the examination of phrases, as well as the correct use of fixed sentence structures and virtual tones. The focus of the examination is on the language proficiency of the candidates. These points have been repeatedly emphasized to everyone in class. As long as you carefully review the key grammar points mentioned in the lecture notes before the exam, I believe most candidates can handle the exam with ease. 87., Soon,after,he,transferred,to,the,new,school,,Ali,found,that,he,had______________( It's difficult to communicate with classmates at work (in, math, and English). Analysis: The essence of doing CET-4 and CET-6 translation questions is to complete sentences, so both the English question stem and the Chinese part need to be carefully analyzed. Firstly, the adverb of time, 'He transferred to a new school not long ago,' was examined in the second long dialogue of the first set of new question types after the CET-4 reform in June 2006. The main sentence has been given the verb 'had', so the translation should use phrases that are paired with 'had', such as' difficulties', 'in', 'doing', and 'th'. Additionally, examine the phrase 'catch up', which means catch, up, with, and sb. Reference answer: difficulties,in,catching,up,with,his,classmates88.,If,she,had,returned,an,hour,earlier,,Mary___________________( I won't get caught in the heavy rain. Analysis: This question examines the subjunctive mood. If the tense used in the conditional sentence is past perfect tense, it can be seen that it is a hypothesis about something that has already happened in the past, that is, "if she returned an hour earlier". The corresponding expression of the main sentence being examined is "would, have, done". The phrase 'drenched in heavy rain', examining the passive voice, be,caught,in,rain。 Reference answer: wouldn't, have, been, caught, in, rain. 89. It, is, said, that, those, who, are, stressed, or, over, overtime, are ___________ (more likely to gain weight). Analysis: The phrase "more likely" tested in this question has been tested twice in this year's real exam. In December 2006, it was translated as question 90, "may feel lonely when going out (are, like, to, feel, lonely, when, away, from, home)", and in December 2007, it was translated as question 88, "I'm more, like, to, get, tired, than, before". We repeatedly emphasize be, (more), like, to, do, sth in AnLi's classroom. This phrase is easy for students who listen attentively in class and should feel very happy. Additionally, examine the phrase 'gain, weight'. Reference answer: more, likely, to, gain, weight90., __________________ (something many people are not aware of) is,that,Simon,is,a,lover,of,sports,,and,football,in,particular。 Analysis: The Chinese part of this question corresponds to the missing subject in the sentence and examines the subject clause; In addition, regarding the choice of tense, both verbs and relative clauses use the present tense (is). According to the principle of tense consistency, we use the present perfect tense in the translation to express a state that has lasted from the past to the present. Reference answer: What,most,people,haven’t,realized91.,The,study,shows,that,the,poor,functioning,of,the,human,body,is, ______________(closely related to lack of exercise). Analysis: This question examines the phrases "related to...", i.e. be, related, to, sth., and "lacking", i.e. "lack, of, sth"; There is also the adverb 'close', which means close. Reference answer: close, related, to, the, lack, of, exercise
Preparation for CET-6: The "Seven Principles" will help you master the writing of CET-6. Firstly, the principle of long and short sentences. Work still needs to be rushed, constantly asking readers to read long sentences is exhausting! Writing a short and insightful sentence can actually serve as the finishing touch. And if we place short sentences at the beginning or end of a paragraph, we can also reveal the theme:, As,a,creature,,I,eat; , as,a,man,,I,read.,Although,one,action,is,to,meet,the,primary,need,of,my,body,and,the,other,is,to,satisfy,the,intellectual,need,of,mind,,they,are,in,a,way,quite,similar., So it can be seen that the combination of long and short sentences, with ups and downs, is not pleasant? remember well! Strong suggestion: Use one long and one short in the first paragraph (beginning) of the article, and start with the long and then the short; In the main body of the article, you should first use a short sentence to explain the main idea, and then use a sentence group form of short first and then long when elaborating on several key points. This will definitely make the main body brilliant! The ending of an article usually needs to be one long and one short. 2、 The principle of topic sentences. A country has its ruler, a family has its master, and articles should also have their master. Otherwise, it will give people a feeling of 'leaderlessness'! I believe you have read some tattered literature that deliberately hides the subject within the article, resulting in us being confused! do not know what oneself or others are talking about! So I advise everyone to write a topic sentence at the beginning (insurance type) or end of the article, so that readers can understand it clearly and it will be safe and sound! Special reminder: Hiding the main sentence is risky! , To,begin,with,,you,must,work,hard,at,your,lessons,and,be,fully,prepared,before,the,exam( Theme sentence) , Without,sufficient,preparation,,you,can,hardly,expect,to,answer,all,the,questions,correctly 3、 The One Two Three Principle. Leadership speeches are always the first part, first point, second point, third point, second part, and first point ... so verbose. But after all, it's still well-organized. Examiners also need to use these key "labels" to determine whether your article is structured clearly and logically. The cracking method is very simple, just add any of the following sets of vocabulary before your key points to make it clear. , 1) First, second, third, last (not recommended, reason: vulgar), 2) first, second, third, finally (not recommended, reason: vulgar), 3) the, first, the, second, the, third, the, last (not recommended, reason: vulgar), 4) in, the, first, place, in, the, second, place, in, the, third, place, last (not recommended, reason: vulgar), 5) to, begin, with, then, further, finally (strongly recommended), 6 To, start, with, next, in, addition, finally (strongly recommended), 7) first, and, most, besides, last, but, not, least (strongly recommended), 8) most, important, of, all, over, finally, 9) on, the, one, hand, on, the, other, hand (applicable to two-point situations), 10) for, one, thing, for, another, thing (applicable to two-point situations). Suggestion: not only pay attention to writing, but also speak clearly when speaking in daily life! 4、 The principle of phrase priority. When writing, especially during exams, using phrases has two benefits: firstly, using phrases will add highlights to the article. If teachers see that your article is too simple and cannot see a phrase they do not recognize, they will inevitably look at you as inferior. On the contrary, if you discover a highlight - a brilliant phrase, then your article will definitely score high. Secondly, at critical moments, if there is a short circuit in thinking and only a need for word count, what should be done? Using phrases is one way! For example:, I,cannot,bear,it., You can use phrases to express: I, cannot, put, up, with, it., I, want, it. You can use phrases to express: I, am, looking, forward, to, it. This will significantly increase the word count and make the expression more accurate. 5、 The principle of more substance and less substance. The reason is simple, writing an article should still focus on practical things rather than empty talk. This requires the use of more actual words and fewer function words. The function words I am referring to here are those larger words. For example, when we say something great, we should not use empty words like 'nice', but instead use words like 'nice' generous,,humorous,,interesting,,smart,,gentle,,warm-hearted,,hospital, Such figurative words. For example, when leaving a room, the general words are: walk, out, of, the, room. However, when a thief leaves the room, they should say: slip, out, of, the, room. When a young lady leaves the room, she should say: sail, out, of, the, room. When a child leaves the room, she should say: dance, out, of, the, room. When an elderly person leaves the room, she should say: stager, out, of, the, room. Therefore, use more real words and fewer function words. The article will shine brightly! 6、 The principle of variable sentence structure. 1) The safest way to write long sentences in addition (concatenation) is to add 'and' between any sentences, but it's best if the preceding and following sentences have a sequential or parallel relationship. For example:, I,enjor,music,and,he,is,fond,of,playing,guitar., If they are tied together, we can use a super sentence structure:, Not,only,the,fur,coat,is,soft,,but,it,is,also,warm., Other phrases can be used:, besides, further, liking, moreover2. When criticizing someone's shortcomings, we tend to start by indirectly discussing their strengths, then move on to the main topic, and finally discuss their weaknesses. Although this approach may be a bit insidious, it is still relatively easy for people to accept. So, when we talk, we just need to start with some nonsense before the main points, and pay attention to using a specific phrase between the two. , The,car,was,quite,old,,yet,it,was,in,excellent,condition.,The,coat,was,thin,,but,it,was,warm., More phrases:, despite,that,,still,,however,,nevertheless,,in,spite,of,,despite,,notwithstanding3) Cause and effect (so, so, so) Yesterday on the street, I saw a girl and I took the initiative to strike up a conversation. Then we went to a coffee shop and got to know each other, and we became friends It can be seen that when telling a story, we always pursue the order of events, what comes first and what comes later, so this word became very common. In fact, this word represents a sequence or causal relationship! , The,snow,began,to,fall,,so,we,went,home., More phrases:, then,,therefore,,consequently,,accordingly,,hence,,as,a,result,,for,this,reason,,so,that4) Imbalance sentence (head heavy, foot light, or head light, foot heavy) Some people have big heads but small bodies, or some people have small heads but large bodies. Although we don't want to grow up like this, if it really happens, it will inevitably attract others' attention. If such a sentence appears in the article, it will make the examiner see that your sentence is different from others. It is actually a variation of subject clauses, predicate clauses, and object clauses. For example: This, is, what, I, can, do., Why, he, can, go, with, us, or, not, is, not, sure. Similarly, the subject, object, and predicate can be changed to the following complex components:, When,to,go,,Why,he,goes,away..。 5) If you have a wife, you will always encounter such a situation. When you talk about someone again, she will interject and say, 'I saw him yesterday.'; Or, to put it another way, if someone inserts their wife's words into our words, it would be an attributive clause, appositive clause, or insertion. , The,man,whom,you,met,yesterday,is,a,friend,of,mine.,I,don't,enjoy,that,book,you,are,reading.,Mr,liu,,our,oral,English,teacher,,is,easy-going., It's actually very simple, appositive - deleting the thing to explain doesn't affect the composition of the entire sentence; Adjective clause - Borrowing the previous keywords and using them to form a new sentence to insert, but the keywords' who ',' or 'that' must be placed before the antecedent. 6) The most attractive aspect of parallelism in literary works is undoubtedly this. If you must make your article more exciting, then I hope you can quote parallelism, paired sentences, infinitives, words, and short phrases one by one. Such expressions will make the article more impressive! , Whether,your,tastes,are,modern,or,traditional,,sophisticated,or,simple,,there,is,plenty,in,London,for,you.,Nowadays,,energy,can,be,obtained,through,various,sources,such,as,oil,,coal,,natural,gas,,solar,heat,,the,wind,and,ocean,tides.,We,have,got,to,study,hard,,to,enlarge,our,scope,of,knowledge,,to,realize,our,potentials,and,to,pay,for,our,life., To write such a magnificent sentence, one must use parallelism! 7、 The principle of challenging limits, since ten challenges to limits, must be relatively difficult, but not impossible to climb! Principle: In students' articles, it is rare to find sentences with independent nominative clauses. In fact, it is very simple. Just take 5 minutes to read and understand. It is a special form of participle, which requires the subject to be consistent, while independent nominative clauses are not. For example:, The,weather,being,fine,,a,large,number,of,people,went,to,climb,the,Western,Hills.,Africa,is,the,second,largest,continent,,its,size,being,about,three,times,that,of,China., If you can come up with such sentences, it's no wonder you have high scores! For more information, please visit the Sina CET-4 and CET-6 channels, CET-4 and CET-6 forums, and CET-4 and CET-6 blog circles. Special note: Due to continuous adjustments and changes in various aspects, all exam information provided by Sina.com is for reference only. Candidates are advised to refer to the official information published by authoritative departments.
The attitude vocabulary that must be mastered in English CET-4 and CET-6 listening is selected from Allen's blog. Click here to view the original text. favorable,adj。 Agreeing, favorable, approving, good sentiment, adj. Enthusiastic, enthusiastic, actively supportive, adj. supportive, defensive, defending for... and opposing/opposition, hating, n. Hate, disgust, disgust, anger, etc. Contemplation, contempt, shame, disrespect, etc. Compromise, compromise v. Compromise, compromise worse, adj. Formal (informal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (informal), formal (informal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal), formal (formal) Laughing, entertaining, joyful Approval, approving, satisfied, disapproving Reverence, devout, showing respect, filled with reverence, disrespectful, disrespectful Disappointment, disappointing, and discouraging, Sarcasm(sarcastic), Satirical, mocking Persuasive (consoling), convincing, powerful, pleasing Indifferent, indifferent, unimportant, cold Condemnable, blameworthy, remorseful, punitive Apologetic, apologetic, eager to admit mistakes, Frustrated in defense, frustrated, frustrated, useless Contemptuous, contemptuous, contemptuous, Cynical, cynical, satirical, pitying, pitiful, regretful, sympathetic Bitterness, pain, resentment, sorrow, resentment Factual, factual, actual Humorous, humorous, inventive, self righteous, insincere, dishonest, insincere, hypocritical Matter of fact, Factual, practical, transactional, plain, stick, to, established, facts, adhere to established viewpoints Impatient, impatient, anxious, eager Pleasure, joyful Anxious, to, please, anxious to please, eager to please Seriously, seriously, seriously Up to date, recent, contemporary Paradoxical, and witty, contradictory wit, sophistic wit Unforgiving, unforgivable, unforgivable Professional, scientific, dedicated to Scientific, specializing in scientific argumentation, Easy to argue, for more information, please visit: Sina CET-4 and CET-6 channels, CET-4 and CET-6 forums, CET-4 and CET-6 blog circles. Special note: Due to continuous adjustments and changes in various aspects, all exam information provided by Sina.com is for reference only. Candidates are advised to refer to the official information published by authoritative departments.
The registration for the English CET-4 and CET-6 exams began in the first half of 2009, and the newly established Japanese CET-6 exam has been launched. Yesterday, the reporter learned from the Provincial Education Examination Institute that the registration for the CET-4 and CET-6 exams has started, and the final deadline is April 6th. The new National College Japanese Test Band 6 (CET-6) has been launched, and the registration method is the same as that of the Japanese Test Band 4. The eligibility criteria for application are as follows: 1. Full time undergraduate, vocational, and graduate students in regular higher education institutions; 2. Undergraduate and vocational students in various full-time adult higher education institutions; 3. Only students who have completed the College English Test Band 4 can apply for the College English Test Band 4; 4. Students who have completed the College English Test Band 6 (CET-6) and achieved a score of 425 or above (including 425) in the College English Test Band 4 (CET-4), or have obtained a CET-4 certificate before June 2005 (with a CET-4 certificate), are eligible to apply for the College English Test Band 6. The exam schedule is as follows: June 20th (Saturday) from 9:00-11:20 for the English CET-4 and Japanese CET-4 exams; 9: Take the German CET-4, Russian CET-4, and French CET-4 exams from 00:00 to 11:15. The English Level 6 and Japanese Level 6 exams will be held from 15:00 to 17:20 on Saturday, June 20th. All universities are strictly prohibited from accepting applications from the public and are not allowed to accept applications from non local students without authorization. Anyone who accepts candidates' registration in violation of regulations will have their registration and examination qualification revoked upon verification, and relevant personnel will be held accountable. In addition, universities are generally not allowed to set up examination centers across cities. Any university that needs to set up examination centers across cities must obtain approval from the Provincial Education Examination Institute before organizing registration and examination work. Special reminder to candidates that those who fail to provide electronic photos as required are not allowed to participate in the exam. Candidates' information must be confirmed and signed by themselves before being archived. Any information on the score report (minor language certificate) that is incorrect due to personal reasons of the candidate will not be supplemented. (Zhang, Lin), for more information, please visit: Sina CET-4 and CET-6 channels, CET-4 and CET-6 forums, CET-4 and CET-6 blog circles. Special note: Due to continuous adjustments and changes in various aspects, all exam information provided by Sina.com is for reference only. Candidates are advised to refer to the official information published by authoritative departments.
Cainiao Talks about the Classic: My Experience of Passing the English CET-6. This article is selected from the blog of iCiba's CET-4 and CET-6 exams. Click here to view the original text. One thing I want to tell everyone is that exams are just a means, not the fundamental purpose, and cannot prove anything. I didn't pass. Just come back next time! I am just a student from an ordinary university. As someone who doesn't want to be a novice anymore, I have new and farther goals. I am preparing for the GRE exam and believe that my valuable experience in CET will help me! I don't want to be a rookie anymore, I want to be a big Peng spreading its wings and wanting to fly! My English high school entrance examination score is only a pitiful 90 or so. For someone like me who is truly a novice, CET-6 (without taking the CET-4 exam) is a luxurious dream. However, in reality, I, made, it! In the June exam last year, as a social candidate (the school did not allow me to apply, so I had to find another way), I tackled the tough nut of CET-6. When I reminisce now, my lips will immediately twitch and I will smile knowingly. Isn't it CET? Cut it! The correct application of skills has a significant impact on this genetically modified exam. Below, I would like to talk about my preparation strategies for the two main parts of the CET exam, reading and listening (which account for a total of 60 points). 1. Reading: As half of the CET exam, its importance is self-evident. (As the saying goes, I have read and passed CET.). Firstly, understanding the general idea of the entire text is an essential and crucial step. One should quickly read the article and identify key words (such as Essential, Important, Indispensable, Inevitable). Then, corresponding to the question stem, immediately cross out some absolute options (such as All, Absolute, None, Must, Utterly) and answer. The correct answer is basically obtained. My personal suggestion for time management is to spend 35 minutes reading the first three articles. The fourth article uses guessing method (read the first sentence and the last paragraph. Check if the Verb in the question stem is similar to the corresponding Verb in the original text, and remember that it is not the original word. Generally, the correct option is it). 2. Listening: Respected invigilators usually distribute papers 5 minutes in advance, and we use these 5 minutes to quickly browse through the top 10 questions. Using the same method, we immediately check the different parts of each option (ESP: verb) to gain initiative and calm our mentality. Listening with questions is very useful for high-level listening performance. As for the second part, except for the talented ones, most people will find it very difficult, which is fair to most candidates. Therefore, novice candidates have an advantage (Ah Q therapy). It mainly tests everyone's comprehensive listening ability, as well as their daily accumulation (such as the Franklin exam question I encountered this year, which basically passed easily without listening). Another important principle is to approach listening questions with normal thinking, and never have sudden ideas, otherwise you will fall into trap. For novice candidates, doing well in the two main parts of reading and listening can basically pass the CET exam. Regarding other parts, I would like to give a few suggestions: vocabulary is the part we fear the most, and it should be placed at the end. After all, if we make 10 mistakes, it will only score 5 points, which is not as valuable as reading scores. Correcting mistakes in CET is generally easier, so don't give up when you encounter it. I think it's even simpler than in the college entrance examination. Novice essay writers may want to memorize a few templates before the exam. In short, with a calm mindset, an unyielding drive, diligence during exams, and a bit of luck, rookies can easily pass the CET exam without any worries! Of course, a genius should hold this mentality towards exams: the best way to deal with an exam is to make one's own strength far superior to the exam level.
The 'brush brush tribe' appears in the CET-6 exam room, can brushing high scores win the favor of enterprises? This is my third time taking the CET-6 exam, and if I don't reach 600 points this time, I'll be on the verge of collapse. "Last Saturday, Wu, who was once again" shocked "by the CET-6 exam, displayed this on his QQ signature. Although he is only in his junior year, Wu has already taken the CET-6 exam three times. He scored 564 points in the first exam and 581 points in the second exam. In the eyes of some classmates, Xiao Wu's score is already high enough, but he still chose to do it again. Last Saturday, he returned to the CET-6 battlefield and "fought with all his might". Wu's persistence is not an exception. According to the reporter's understanding, there are many "CET-6 score chasing maniacs" in Hunan universities, and this group also has a common name - the "brushing tribe". During the four years of college, students have a heavy academic burden. Why do many college students choose to "fight for a long time" and repeatedly take the CET-6 exam? Last month, Zhang Yu and his classmate Liu Bing from Central South University participated in a journalist job fair organized by a well-known media outlet in the south at our campus job fair, but the hiring results were somewhat unexpected. Two "quasi media" individuals who share the same dream of becoming a journalist and are equally outstanding, Zhang Yu has been given an internship opportunity, which means he can receive an offer to fulfill his dream of becoming a journalist, while Liu Bing has been "out". Liu Bing told reporters that the reason he was "OUT" was because his CET-6 score was not as high as Zhang Yu's. "At that time, the recruitment manager said that English proficiency would be given priority under the same conditions." After this job fair, Liu Bing joined the "brushing tribe". However, to his surprise, Zhang Yu's figure was found in the CET-6 exam room last Saturday. "Next time I have the opportunity to change jobs, what if someone's CET-6 score is higher than mine?" Zhang Yu's answer "thundered" Liu Bing.   Mr. Song, who works as the Human Resources Director of a company in Changsha, told reporters that he does not pay too much attention to foreign language proficiency when recruiting, but rather considers the degree of professional knowledge and skill application. "I will choose people with more spirit and ability to work, and the key is to bring benefits to the unit
2011英语六级考试听力真题总结：必会短语2011英语六级(CET6)考试听力真题总结：必会短语Above,all：最重要的是，most,important,of,allAbove,all，,they’ll,have,to,discover,how,much,nitrogen,it,possesses,since,nitrogen,is4/5,of,the,air,breathe。(2002-1)Account,for：解释。说明How,do,you,account,for,the,truth？After,all：终究，毕竟We,won’t,be,laid,off,after,all。(1998-1)Air,/car,crash：空难，车祸Allergic,to：过敏www.Examda.CoM考试就上考试大I’m,allergic,to,beef,and,mutton。Appeal,to：吸引，呼吁。Could,you,tell,me,which,position,you,think,most,appeals,to,you？(2002-6)Apply,for/to，,application,letter,申请，求职信At,ease：安逸，自由自在I,don’t,know,why,he,is,ill,at,ease？心神不宁Back,up：支持，援助。Beat,the,crowd,：避开人群，避开高峰The,only,to,beat,the,crowds,when,you,do,the,grocery,shopping,on,Sunday,is,to,be,here,when,they,open,at,9,sharp。(1990-6)Be,aware,of：意识到I,like,people,who,are,going,about,their,daily,business,without,being,aware,of,the,camera(1997-1)Behind,the,schedule/lateBe,in,charge,of：负责，照顾，经管,be,responsible,forBe,in,the,charge,of：下级+be,in,the,charge,of+上级Be,in,season：应季的，当令的These,apples,and,pears,seem,to,be,in,season。(1995-6)Be,supposed,to,do：应该，被期望What,am,I,supposed,to,do,with,his,help？Book,upBreak,down/doesn’t,workBring,up：教育，培养，提出She,brought,up,her,children,to,be,truthful。Build,up积累，增强，树立By,chance/run,into：偶然By,no,means,：绝不,/anything,butCheck,in/outCome,up：发生，出现，提出Come,up,with：针对问题，挑战等提出，想出，赶上I,spent,a,whole,week,searching,on,the,net，,but,came,up,with,nothing,valuable。Concentrate,on/focus,on,集中Deal,with,/cope,with,处理Drop,in,：顺便拜访Drop,out,of：不参与，退出They’re,likely,to,drop,out,of,school,and,less,likely,to,succeed,in,life。Eat,one’s,words,食言Fall,short,of：达不到，不符合Its,results,fell,short,of,her,expectation。(2002-1)Figure,out,：搞清楚，弄明白What,I,can’t,figure,out,is,how,to,make,it,work,in,my,program。(2002-1)Find,outFit,one’s,need;满足某人需要For,ages/a,long,timeGet,along,with：进展来源：考试大Get,around;避开Get,used,to习惯于。使适应Use,to,do：过去常常Go,Dutch/split,the,bill/fifty-fifty/separate,the,billGo,sightseeingGo/keep,on,a,dietI’m,on,a,diet,recently，,so,I’d,better,skip,the,dessert。Have,a,hard/difficult,time,with,sth。Have,a,temperature/feverHave,the,final,say：有决定权Hold,up：堵塞i，持枪拦截，举起，拦截Did,you,hear,that,the,convenience,store,next,to,the,gas,station,was,held,up,last,night？(2005-6)In,a,good/terribly,/moodIn,the,long,run：长期来看It,seems,very,experience.,But,in,the,long,run,it,will,save,the,money,on,the,maintenance。(1995-6)Join,in：参与Keep,between,the,two,of,us:/keep,a,secretKeep,fitKeep,in,touch,withKnock,it,off/stopLay,off/fireLet,out：放走，泄露Look,for,a,needle,in,a,haystack：大海捞针Make,a,hit：获得成功Make,ends,meet：使收支相抵Make,sense：有意义Make,up;补偿，化妆，补考Meet,each,other,half,way：,make,an,agreementMove,on:/go,on/continue/keep,onNothing,but：只有Anything,but：绝不Now,that：既然来源：www.examda.comOn,earth：究竟On,purposes,：有意，故意Out,of,the,world:/wonderful/amazingPull,in;进站，靠岸Pull,through：痊愈，恢复健康Put,off/delay/Put,through：接通电话Reach,the,bottom,of,the,barrel：,use,up/run,out,ofResign,one’s,post:/quit;辞职Ring,a,bell：听起来很熟Run,off/copySign,up,for/join,in/registerSneak,up,on,sb。头头接近，靠近Take,…for,granted：相当然地认为Take,one’s,time;从容不迫Take,one’s,word：。/believe,in,sb./trust,sb。The,reverse,is,also,true：反之亦然Tie,up,with/busy,withTired,of/get,bored,ofUnder,the,weather：身体不舒服Well-off/rich,peopleWhite,elephant：无价值的东西，废物White,lie：善意的谎言You,bet,：当然
09年12月英语四级听力参考答案(沪江)Section,A短对话：11.,A,Get,some,small,change。12.,B,Buying,a,gift,for,a,child。13.,A,Taking,photographs。14.,B,He,can,provide,little,useful,information。15.,D,He,knows,his,own,limitations。16.,C,Her,gym,exercise,has,yielded,good,results。17.,D,The,professor's,suggestion,is,constructive。18.,A,Indifferent长对话：19.,C,He,has,to,work,during,the,day。20.,B,Learn,date,processing。21.,C,Every,Monday,,lasting,for,12,weeks。22.,A,What,to,bring,for,registration。23.,D,A,financial,trader。24.,B,He,considers,cooking,creative。25.,D,It,can,be,a,good,thing。Section,B短文：,26.,C.,Life,was,not,possible,in,outer,space。27.,C.,It,has,a,large,ocean,under,its,surface。28.,A.,Light,is,not,an,essential,element,to,it。29.,B,What,Dr.,Meyer's,instructions,exactly,were30.,D,She,askes,them,to,repeat,what,they,are,supposed,to,do。31.,A,It,lacks,the,stability,of,the,printed,word。32.,C,Challenging,work。33.,A,Many,tedious,jobs,continue,to,be,done,manually。34.,D,Give,them,responsibilities,as,part,of,a,team。35.,B,They,concern,a,small,number,of,people,only。Section,C36.,classified37.,background38.,album39.,appreciation40.,context41.,implies42.,image43.,instrument44.,Descriptive,writing,in,the,humanities,,particularly,in,literature,,is,often,mixed,with,critical,writing。45.,It,tells,the,reader,how,to,do,something.,For,example,,explaining,the,technique,used,to,shoot,a,film。46.,Authors,may,actually,use,more,than,one,type,of,technique,in,a,given,piece,of,informational,writing。
The reporter learned during the interview that it is not easy to achieve ideal results in the English CET-4 exam without planned and targeted preparation. So how should candidates use this time to prepare for the CET-4 exam? The experience of Yang Na and three other experienced people is to listen while writing and memorizing words, read more English articles to find a sense of language, and practice speed by reading and writing quickly. Yang Na from the School of Humanities at Capital University of Economics and Business said that when preparing for the CET-4 exam, word count is very important. So, how do I remember words? Yang Na said that writing and memorizing words while listening is very effective. Many candidates have this experience when doing listening questions. They may find familiar words unfamiliar while listening, but writing while listening can effectively avoid this phenomenon. When memorizing words, first use MP3 players to play out the pronunciation of the words, and then write down the words you hear silently to deepen their impression in your mind. There are many words that say 'look familiar and listen to life', where should we start? Yang Na suggests practicing the new words in the listening texts of previous CET-4 listening exams first. Examinees listen to the original text first, find birth words, and then listen again, writing while listening, and the memory effect is very good. The reading comprehension questions and cloze test questions in the CET-4 exam both require candidates to master a certain amount of vocabulary. Some candidates focus on familiarizing themselves with the "form" of words when memorizing them, striving to achieve "recognition upon seeing". But many English words have similar shapes but different meanings, and for these words, candidates need to deepen their memory of the differences between similar words. The essay questions in CET-4 require candidates to write in English and be able to spell accurately. To avoid spelling errors, it is recommended that candidates memorize commonly used words as much as possible while writing. Tao Qi, a law major at China University of Political Science and Law, has always had a strong foundation in English. Even so, before preparing for the CET-4 exam, she devoted a lot of energy to reviewing, including reading various English articles. Tao Qi said that reading English articles can cultivate language sense and improve reading comprehension ability. Tao Qi reads the English version of Reader's Digest the most. The 21st Century English Daily is also a publication that Tao Qi often reads, and its articles are relatively simple and easy to understand. Regularly reading these publications can help candidates understand British and American culture, and is very helpful for answering reading and cloze questions in the CET-4 exam. The articles in the New Concept English textbook are carefully selected masterpieces. It is recommended that candidates memorize the articles, especially in the second and third volumes, as they are helpful in improving their language sense and English expression ability. Expanding reading not only cultivates language sense, but also exposes candidates to concise and beautiful sentences as well as diverse ways of expression. It is recommended that candidates extract these sentences to enhance their understanding and memory, and become proficient in their application. In writing, if candidates can proficiently borrow these wonderful sentences, they can add a lot of color to their own articles. In the English CET-4 exam, the speed of answering questions is one of the main reasons that affect exam scores. In previous exams, there were always many candidates who couldn't finish answering questions or writing essays. In response to this situation, Che Yue, a forestry major at Beijing Forestry University, believes that candidates preparing for the CET-4 exam must undergo specialized training in fast reading and writing. The training of fast reading requires candidates to complete it by doing exercises. When doing exercises, candidates should practice some targeted fast reading methods, such as scanning reading, quickly scanning the article with their eyes, jumping over irrelevant information, and focusing on finding key information. For example, learn to distinguish between intensive reading and skimming. Focus on important content and skim on other content. To improve their ability to read quickly, candidates also need to overcome some bad reading habits, such as looking up unfamiliar words in a dictionary when reading, reading aloud instead of silently, or scanning articles line by line with their eyes, which slows down their reading speed. Improving writing speed and practicing with more strokes is the best method. By using more strokes, one can improve their ability to layout and plan articles, and also proficiently apply some typical expression methods. In addition, candidates can also memorize more key sentences from classic compositions and consciously apply them in writing exercises to achieve the goal of practice making perfect.  
Teacher's guidance: Writing methods for College English Test Band 4 and Band 6. This article is selected from the Sina blog "Scholar Cat". Click to view the original text. The first language test for writing in the College English Test Band 4 and Band 6 focuses on the English (forum) expression ability of candidates. The most important thing for examiners is language, and what candidates need to improve the most is also language. Some students think that using some difficult vocabulary can achieve high scores, but it's not true. Both Chinese and English writing emphasize the principles of "plain as water", "simplicity is beauty", and "the ultimate brilliance, returning to simplicity". American writer Ernest Hemingway often used elementary school vocabulary, but as a Nobel laureate in literature, it is evident that the quality of language is not determined by the grandeur of its vocabulary, but by its appropriate use. By using high school vocabulary well, one can easily achieve full marks in various English writing exams. Of course, for students with a good foundation, using difficult vocabulary appropriately can help improve their scores. But don't blindly pursue difficulty. "Instead of writing a complex sentence that's wrong, it's better to write a simple sentence that's right." The CET-4 and CET-6 writing topics, viewpoints, and word count are strictly limited, and it's just a platform to showcase your English written expression ability. Therefore, candidates should minimize the time spent on brainstorming, focus their main energy on scrutinizing language, strive to minimize low-level errors such as grammar, spelling, punctuation, etc., and strive to use accurate and appropriate words and sentences to express themselves authentically. In this way, even without using difficult vocabulary and sentence structures, it is possible to ensure a stable passing score. Remember that writing is not speaking, language always comes first, it determines the score. The examiners mainly evaluate the language from two aspects: 1. Basic correctness. The biggest problem for CET-4 and CET-6 candidates is not that they write too simply, but that there are too many serious errors. Even if students with average foundation use elementary or middle school vocabulary and sentence patterns, as long as they use them correctly, they can still get a passing score. The three most common language errors that candidates make are grammar, spelling, and punctuation. The most common grammar errors include tense, article, subject verb agreement, singular and plural nouns, etc. 2. Students with a solid foundation in diversity and adaptability should strive for high scores in writing for the CET-4 and CET-6 exams. The richness and diversity are reflected in both vocabulary and sentence patterns. It is best not to repeat the same word in a sentence, paragraph, or even an article. Instead, try to replace it with synonyms (excluding keywords that cannot be replaced). For example, 'think' can be replaced with words such as' recycle ',' assume ',' argue ', etc. If you can't think of synonyms, you can replace them with synonyms. In addition, sentence patterns should also be rich in variation, not limited to subject verb object sentence patterns. Multiple sentence patterns can be used, such as main tense tables, past participle and present participle phrases as adverbs, infinitive phrases as adverbs, adverbial clauses, etc. If quantified into sentences, a CET-4 essay only needs to write about 10 sentences; Level 6 only requires about 12 sentences. The entire text should focus on short sentences and combine them. The so-called short sentence refers to a sentence of about 10 words, and cannot consist entirely of 5 or 6 words. At the same time, the entire text should have a certain number of long sentences, usually 15-20 words, which can be redundant if too long. Some students think that writing only long sentences without short ones can achieve high scores, but in fact, teachers may feel tired when reading long sentences and think that you don't know how to write short sentences, so they usually don't give high scores. If every sentence in a Chinese essay is over 30 words long, it is bound to be obscure and difficult to understand, and English is no exception. Refined short sentences can be placed at the beginning of a paragraph to emphasize; Complex long sentences can provide specific arguments, examples, or descriptions. 2、 High score, true score, classic (1) Recitation is a magic weapon to improve English comprehensive ability, which can be divided into the following five levels: (1) wonderful vocabulary, (2) wonderful sentence patterns, (3) wonderful sentences, (4) universal framework, and (5) classic model essays. Note that sentences and sentence structures are different, and wonderful sentences should be memorized as words. Before reciting, ensure that you have fully understood all the content. There are two key words in language learning - input (INPUT) and output (OUTPUT). Listening and reading are inputs, and candidates are in a passive state, only needing to understand what they hear and see in the exam room. There are many skills to deal with this type of problem, which are easy to improve in the short term. However, speaking and writing belong to output, and candidates must shift from passive to active, which is difficult to break through in the short term. Without a large amount of input, it is difficult to perform free output. 4、 The CET-6 writing requires completing a short essay within 30 minutes, totaling over 120 or 150 words, which many students complain about. But if you change it to a Chinese essay, everyone will find it easy to do. What is the reason? As the saying goes, 'By reading three hundred Tang poems, one can recite them even if they don't know how to write them.' Students have memorized a large number of excellent Chinese works from childhood to adulthood, and can freely combine and output them. However, in English learning, most students only indulge in memorizing words, picking grammar, and doing reading, and few people memorize English articles. It is precisely because there is not a large amount of input that writing is always in a state of "squeezing toothpaste", thinking and translating one sentence after another. Improving English writing requires reading, memorizing, writing, and revising more. Reading and memorizing more is the primary task and the key to accumulating input. Candidates should accumulate a large number of classic English sentence patterns, expressions, and model essays, and be diligent in memorizing them in their daily lives. Some classmates asked me, saying that I have memorized many English articles, but when I went to the exam room, my mind was still blank and I couldn't remember anything. This situation is very common, mainly for two reasons: one is that there is no work on sentence construction, only blind memorization. Secondly, the memorization is not proficient enough. Learning anything requires first seeking quality, and then seeking quantity. Everyone has been learning English for many years and reading a lot of articles, why is writing still difficult to learn? The key is that the quantity has been expanded, but the quality has not improved. An article should be memorized to the point where it can be blurted out. If it still requires brainstorming, it proves that the memorization is not proficient enough. Having only a superficial understanding is futile no matter how much one memorizes. （2） After memorizing classic sample essays, proceed with dictation. Then compare with the original text to correct and clarify where the mistake lies. Most students make small mistakes when writing, such as spelling, singular and plural forms, capitalization, etc. These are your weaknesses in writing, and also the areas that examiners cannot tolerate the most. Bacon once said, "Writing, making, an, exact, man." (Writing makes one precise.). ）Only by silently writing down can you discover the mistakes you often make. （3） Translating from Chinese to English is also a good way to improve writing skills. Translate the sample into English according to your own understanding based on the Chinese translation. After translating, you will find that there is a significant gap between your translation and the original text, which is the key to achieving high writing scores. At this point, compare the sample essay and see how the original author wrote it, and think about why they wrote it that way. What vocabulary and sentence structures are used in the sample essay for the same Chinese sentence? What vocabulary and sentence structures have you used? Use different vocabulary and sentence structures in learning sample essays. Through continuous practice, your writing skills have unconsciously improved. （4） Write a new article imitating a model essay, using the wonderful vocabulary, sentence patterns, sentences, and frameworks from the model essay. At first, it may be stiff to apply, but with continuous accumulation, it will become more and more convenient to combine. The above high scoring strategy is the most effective way to improve the English writing proficiency of CET-4 and CET-6. In the initial stage of practicing writing, it is advisable to frequently consult grammar books, dictionaries, and other reference books, memorize commonly used words and phrases, in order to expand vocabulary and broaden knowledge. When memorizing words, it is important to have a deep understanding of the underlying meanings and the context in which they are used. When preparing for exams, memorize some transitional words, sentence patterns, and sample essays, and imitate them.  
2010年12月四级作文范文(新东方版)北京新东方学校,国内部,王菲作文：1，目前不少父母为孩子包办一切2，为了让孩子独立，父母应该。。how,shuould,parents,help,children,to,be,independent?There,is,no,denying,the,fact,that,independence,plays,an,increasingly,important,part,in,our,daily,life,and,we,can’t,help,asking,such,a,question:,how,should,parents,help,children,to,be,independent?To,begin,with,,it,is,imperative,that,parents,provide,opportunities,to,children,and,allow,them,to,participate,in,the,social,games,which,contribute,to,the,independence,of,the,children.,What’s,more,,under,the,excessive,care,and,protection,of,parents,,these,children,are,lack,of,the,ability,to,overcome,the,difficulties,that,abound,in,their,real,life.,Therefore,,it’s,a,must,for,parents,to,cultivate,the,independence,which,helps,their,children,easily,conquer,and,frustration,and,depression。To,conclude,,it's,essential,for,us,to,dispose,of,the,problem,of,children’s,independence,timely,and,effectively.,Parents,should,help,children,develop,strong,independence,and,the,abilities,needed,in,the,future.,Only,in,this,way,can,they,be,ready,to,confront,any,challenges,in,the,society,of,fierce,competition。
As the College English Test Band 4 (CET-4) approaches, many students have written letters asking the same question: "How can I improve my writing skills in a short period of time?" The answer is actually no. Firstly, we must clarify that freezing three feet of ice is not a one-day cold; Learning English is a long-term process of accumulation, and a short-term rush is like sacrificing the basics and neglecting the essentials, which is a drop in the bucket. However, this does not mean that we cannot adjust our exam readiness and improve our ability to take exams by mastering the rules of exams. Below, I would like to share nine personal opinions on how to utilize exam rules and maximize students' writing skills. One When the rest exam is imminent, students often tend to enter a state of impending exam. The most prominent manifestation of this state is the inability to sleep at night. Especially during the rush of professional courses and the national CET-4 and CET-6 exams, many students carry forward the spirit of continuous combat, staying up all night and hanging their heads? The cone pierces the bone. In fact, this is harmful but not beneficial for high-intensity exams like the CET-4 and CET-6 exams. The reason is simple. For a student, the CET-4 and CET-6 exams are not only a comprehensive test of their English proficiency, but also a test of their willpower and even physical strength. Without good rest as a support, it is difficult for candidates to laugh until the end. So, ensuring sufficient sleep is the most basic and primary test taking skill. II There is no doubt about nutrition, and the intake of nutrients is also an extremely important part at the last minute. While ensuring adequate sleep, food is another objective factor that 'works beyond poetry'. Especially for students taking the CET-4 exam, breakfast must be scheduled and quantified, which is indispensable. Generally speaking, dairy products like cheese sous, combined with a cup of hot milk or hot chocolate, are sufficient to provide the calories needed for the entire half day exam, although this may vary from person to person. Some students with weak constitutions can also consider taking nutritional supplements such as American ginseng and chicken essence. However, sleeping pills and other drugs with side effects must be used with caution, otherwise it will be too much. III As the ancient saying goes, the surrender of a person without fighting largely depends on psychological factors. With the deepening of the reform of the CET-4 and CET-6 exams, there will be more, updated, and difficult questions, including essay questions, which require us to have the ability to handle unexpected situations. Even if unexpected types of questions arise, candidates should adjust their mentality in a timely manner and respond calmly. In fact, historical experience has proven that the higher the requirements and difficulty of the questions, the greater the room for candidates to express themselves. Challenges and opportunities are positively correlated.
12月六级听力复合式听写原文及答案(昂立)2008年12月六级听力复合式听写原文及答案One,of,the,most,common,images,of,advanced,Western-style,culture,is,that,of,a,busy,traffic-filled,city.,Since,their,first,(36)appearance,on,American,roadways,,automobiles,have,become,a,(37),symbol,of,progress,,a,source,of,thousands,of,jobs,and,almost,an,inalienable,right,for,citizens’,personal,freedom,of,movement.,In,recent,(38)decades,,our,love,affair,with,the,car,is,being,(39)exported,directly,to,the,developing,world,and,it,is,increasingly,(40)apparent,that,this,transfer,is,leading,to,disaster.,America’s,almost,complete,dependence,on,automobiles,has,been,a,terrible,mistake.,As,late,as,the,1950s,,a,large,(41)percentage,of,the,American,public,used,mass,transit.,A,(42)combination,of,public,policy,decisions,and,corporate,scheming,saw,to,it,that,countless,(43)convenient,and,efficient,urban,streetcar,and,intra-city,rail,systems,were,dismantled.,(44)Our,air,quality,now,suffers,from,the,effects,of,the,pollutants,emitted,directly,from,our,cars.,Our,lives,have,been,planned,along,a,road,grid--homes,far,from,work,,shopping,far,from,everything,,with,ugly,stretches,of,concrete,and,blacktop,in,between.,Developing,countries,are,copying,Western-style,transportation,systems,down,to,the,last,detail.,(45)The,problems,caused,by,motorized,vehicles,in,the,West,are,often,magnified,in,developing,nations.,Pollution-control,measures,are,either,not,strict,or,non-existent,,leading,to,choking,clouds,of,smog.,Gasoline,still,contains,lead,,which,is,extremely,poisonous,to,humans.,(46),Movement,in,some,cities,comes,to,a,virtual,standstill,,as,motorized,traffic,competes,with,bicycles,and,pedestrians.In,addition,to,pollution,and,traffic,jams,,auto,safety,is,a,critical,issue,in,developing,countries.,,更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道,四六级论坛,四六级博客圈特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。
Top Teacher's Tip: Five Tips to Know in the Sprint of CET-4 and CET-6 Listening Test Source: New Oriental Online The December 2010 CET-4 and CET-6 exams are approaching, and the listening part has always been a weak link for Chinese candidates, as well as the most nervous and prone to losing points. I believe that candidates are very concerned about how to improve their listening scores in the limited time at the end. 4、 The main speaker of the CET-6 listening course offers the following suggestions, hoping to be helpful to the candidates. 1、 20 days before the exam, focus on reviewing past exam papers. The questions we need to prepare the most in the remaining month should be our real questions rather than simulation questions. That is to say, the time you should focus on preparing for the exam should be from the real exam in June 2006 to the latest exam in June 2010, which is about nine sets of questions. These nine sets of questions should be fully listened to within at least one month. And during the listening process, not only do you need to listen to these questions, but you also need to understand them clearly and thoroughly. 2、 For candidates with limited vocabulary and weak listening skills, it is important to focus on mastering listening exam techniques. Because in the stages of listening, speaking, reading, writing, and translation, the review of listening requires the coordination of some equipment and tools, which makes us feel very troublesome when listening, so we gradually give up. So my suggestion next is that if you really think that the foundation of listening is weak and the vocabulary is not very sufficient, then I suggest everyone pay attention to the skills related to the exam points, which are quite important. In addition, there are about 20 days left. If we continue to improve our overall strength, we believe the possibility is not very high. Therefore, we suggest that everyone pay attention to different skills in different subjects. Take the listening section as an example, it is divided into the following modules. In the small dialogue section, it is particularly important to pay attention to some common techniques and methods. For example, the principle of audio-visual reversal, which means not selecting what you hear, focusing on key scene vocabulary and phrases, and paying attention to alternative solutions such as scene dialogues and listening passages, to master the basic principles of audio-visual. For the two types of questions, scene dialogue and listening short texts, the most effective way to save everyone from trouble on the spot is one question and one test method. One is called the principle of audio-visual basic form, which is very simple. It means that what you hear is seen, and at the same time, what you see is heard. If there are many words concentrated in one option, then we usually have no problem choosing that option. And it can almost guarantee an accuracy rate of over half in a slightly simpler exam like CET-4. 3. Write as much as possible in the compound dictation section to earn points. The compound dictation part will be the most feared and worried issue for students nationwide. The possibility of getting a full score for this type of question is indeed very small, but what we would like to recommend is a very common spirit from "Soldier Assault" - not giving up, not giving up, and being able to write as much as possible. We may find that you may not get a full score, but if you write it out, you will get the corresponding score. For candidates with poor foundations in all aspects, it is not very realistic to significantly improve their listening skills within 20 days. The above techniques and methods are only to help everyone try their best to obtain partial listening scores in situations where they have no choice. But I still hope that students can start from the basics and do a solid job in basic skills. 3、 Overcome the nervousness during exams and approach listening exams with a relaxed mindset. As many students have reported, their listening test scores are decent, but they become nervous when they engage in real combat, which greatly affects their ability to perform. The teacher suggests that everyone should first eat less liquid food in the morning, which will greatly help you perform on site. Because the entire exam is not long, if your physical feelings are not very comfortable, it will also affect your overall performance. The second is that we will find that what actually causes a person's nervousness? It is caused by a fear or unfamiliarity with a food or thing. If you frequently train and feel nervous when going to the exam room, this possibility is possible but relatively small. I believe that most students who feel nervous are due to insufficient preparation in the past. At the same time, it is also recommended that everyone do this. Within a week before the exam, it would be better to do one or two simulated exams. For example, we can arrange the overall exam time according to the exam schedule. At 9 o'clock, when you are still in a relatively clear state, you can start doing the questions and complete them in two hours and twenty minutes. No matter what the result is, you must repeatedly adjust your mentality. In the exam room, you must remember not to let nervousness affect your performance. Some content can be regulated, such as listening, which is usually tense. You can listen more before the exam and get into the state as soon as possible, which may feel better. Also, be sure to prepare your own stationery, such as avoiding situations where pencils break, oil pens run out of oil, or fountain pens spit out water while on site, otherwise you will go crazy. So we suggest that the mock exam before the exam is an important training for everyone, so you need to be more familiar with this matter. 4、 How to achieve both listening and writing accuracy in listening exams. Many students have reported that when doing dictation, there is a problem where we listen but cannot write down, and if we have to write, we cannot hear the rest. How to solve this problem? The teacher said that this is a very important issue, which is that it is difficult to use one mind twice. It is difficult to write when listening, and when writing, you will find that you cannot listen anymore. Actually, it's still a matter of language familiarity. If you were to do a dictation on site today, you would find that everyone would perform very well. For example, General Secretary Jiang called on us to build a harmonious society. You will find that we all write down this sentence, on the one hand, because we are very familiar with the content of this sentence; On the other hand, this is your native language, and you will find that you can hear every position clearly. The reason why we can't write down in English dictation is mainly due to the following situations: the first situation is that you can't understand the sentence at all. If this is the case, then you shouldn't try to write it out again. The second situation is that you can understand some of the words in this sentence, but after writing these parts that you understand, the rest that you don't understand still cannot be written. The third situation is a rather exaggerated one, where you don't understand any of the positions and write completely according to your personal understanding. Another situation is that you may understand, but your hands may not be able to write it out so quickly. Generally, when dictation, it is important to remember that a sentence is indeed difficult to write. Normal students will reflect a situation where the beginning and end of the sentence are relatively easy to write, and writing the beginning and end can earn at least half or more of the score in the sentence. Another issue is, remember not to force yourself to write everything when writing. If you can write the part you understand or hear, you can come and earn some points. Another issue is that we have too little dictation training on a regular basis. When we were in elementary school, we often had some dictation training at home, where our parents would dictate texts, new words or vocabulary for us. At that time, you will find that some things will leave a deep impression on you and you will never forget them for a lifetime. But think about it, can you also put in as much effort as learning Chinese when learning English. If it weren't for this time and effort, naturally there wouldn't be such an effect. We can usually do this, for example, after listening to a short or long conversation and becoming familiar with the question, you can use it as dictation material, listening to one sentence and writing one sentence. If you find it difficult, you can play half of this sentence a few more times and try to write it out, practicing our pure dictation ability. Dictation is a very, very rich manifestation of comprehensive strength, which requires students to spend some time. There is no way to slack off. I hope that in the remaining 20 days, everyone can adjust their mentality and have a correct understanding of this topic. During the dictation process, another special reminder to netizens across the country is that its exam requirement is not to write down what you hear, but to write down the key points according to your own words. Let me give you an example. For example, if you hear the word 'because' which is very long, you can write it as' as' and it can also earn points; For example, if you hear 'difficult', you can write it as' hard '. These are entirely on-site reactions. However, speaking of which, most students will find that being able to hear or understand this word is already an even more difficult task, and usually requires a very short period of time to convert, which may reduce the possibility. Nevertheless, it is still a method of solving problems. 5、 How to grasp the key points of listening? Everyone is thinking about one thing, which is what is the most valuable among a bunch of things. In fact, listening and reading are very similar. They are both exams that break down information, and the emphasized key points are the ones we need to pay attention to. So, let's categorize the questions into different types. Firstly, when doing multiple-choice questions, the focus of listening is on small dialogue questions, long dialogue questions, and short essay listening questions. Firstly, before doing the problem, you need to understand the options. Through the options, you will discover where the key direction of the problem lies. What you need to pay attention to is the difference between options, and when looking at options, remember: looking at options horizontally is never as fast as looking vertically! And never force yourself to translate the Chinese meaning of the options. We all have this idea, to translate this option. At this point, you will find that after translating a question, all the reading time is used up. What should we do in this situation? Note that when looking at an option or a question vertically, you need to pay attention to the subject first, and then focus on its predicate. The difference between many options starts with the difference in predicate. After reading the entire question, you will know roughly what it is about, so you will be more targeted. Secondly, when listening to small conversations, everyone must pay attention that the second sentence is always the focus. The first sentence can be basically passed over, and the second sentence is the focus. And in the second sentence, for example, those that express attitude, indicate turning points, indicate the highest level, indicate language change points, are intonation change points, which are our focus. Thirdly, there are also some methods for listening to long conversations and short texts, such as the importance of the first sentence at the beginning. And the last sentence at the end is also very important. Similarly, the positions of inflection, intonation changes, superlatives, and modal verbs are all very important positions. Of course, what we specifically mention is that for long conversations and short listening, if you find it difficult to listen to these key vocabulary words, you must keep your eyes on the options. When you find that most of the words in the options have been read correctly, this option is correct. Finally, I wish everyone good results in the CET-4 and CET-6 exams!
The answer to the English CET-4 deep reading test on June 19, 2010 is as follows: 47, incredibly48.,replace49.,reduced50.,sense51.,powering52.,exceptions53.,expand54.,vast55.,historic56.,protect Source: Angli Education, Wang Ruqing
Education Review: The three major added values of the CET-4 and CET-6 exams will be announced in June. Another tragicomedy was staged on the university campus. Those who score high in the exam are naturally ecstatic, while those who do not perform well sigh and think about making persistent efforts to once again strive for the target score. Actually, looking at Level 4 from a different perspective, the situation may be very different. Firstly, instead of pursuing exam skills, it is better to pursue practical dedication. The CET-4 is a college foreign language teaching ability test. Grades reflect the level of foreign language proficiency. Poor grades only indicate that candidates still need to work hard. How to work hard? Of course, it starts with memorizing every word, mastering every grammar, understanding every sentence, and writing every essay well. Learning is dull and monotonous, only with effort can there be rewards. It is unrealistic to focus solely on grades and use ideas to take shortcuts, trying every means possible to achieve the maximum return on performance in the shortest possible time and with the least amount of energy. Secondly, instead of chasing scores, it's better to chase abilities. As a language test, the CET-4 has application functions. Instead of chasing impressive scores, candidates should improve their own abilities. If the candidate's CET-4 score report has played an important role in job hunting, then it should demonstrate corresponding abilities in actual work. If candidates aim to achieve high scores in the CET-4 exam, it may be somewhat one-sided. Instead of pursuing high scores, it's better to focus on improving one's abilities and practice listening, speaking, reading, and writing in a down-to-earth manner. At present, the requirements for job seekers' English proficiency in the workplace are nothing more than "being able to communicate", "speaking fluent English" or being a "competent translator", which are always better than impressive scores. Thirdly, instead of chasing the rush before exams, it's better to chase the daily preparation. Since it's an exam, there's a saying about preparing for it.     For example, practicing listening, finding a favorite original foreign language movie, not only listening to dialogue, but also speaking, writing, and memorizing, not only satisfies the need for emotional shock, but also improves listening skills. It's better to make foreign language learning a daily routine than to rush a month before the exam. If one day, expressing oneself in a foreign language is as fluent and natural as using one's mother tongue, and writing a foreign language report is as clear and natural as using Chinese characters, congratulations! At this time, I will definitely achieve ideal results in taking the CET-4 exam; Going job hunting at this time will definitely leave a deep impression on people. At this point, is the level of CET-4 still that important? Beijing Exam News, Liu Haiyan Sina Education. A few years ago, there was a song called "Born Like Summer Flowers" that was sung with great enthusiasm, but with passion. [Details] Daily English Let, life, be, beautiful, like, summer, flowers, and [Details]
Writing guidance for CET-4 and CET-6: Expressing complex ideas in simple sentences. Although the language used in exam essays varies, they can all be divided into three aspects: content, organization, and language. If it is an application essay, it also depends on the language domain (mainly referring to whether the language used is appropriate for the occasion) and format. The scoring criteria for the New CET-4 essay cannot be separated from the above three aspects: the content can be expanded according to the outline of the topic; Organizations should not only pay attention to the coherence and connection between paragraphs, but also pay special attention to the logical coherence between sentences that candidates are most likely to overlook; The most difficult thing to improve is language, that is, the richness of vocabulary and the complexity of sentences. To achieve a high score in writing for the New College English Test Band 4, one must improve their language skills. Language is a knot that cannot be avoided. So, where is the path to language breakthrough? Answer: Simple sentence. This is an answer given based on the actual situation of the majority of candidates. Because they have studied English for many years, most candidates are still able to write something, at least some simple English sentences. Simple sentences include S+V (subject verb sentence), S+V+O (subject verb object), , S+V+O+O (subject verb object complement), S+V+O+C (subject verb object complement), , S+V+C (main system table), complex sentences are all derived from these simple sentences. Why can't I write good sentences even after learning English for so many years? The reason is that the thinking is too complicated. We can express all the Chinese ideas we want to express in simple sentences, and simple sentences are something that candidates can control when writing. Afterwards, polish and combine simple sentences to make them stand out and score high. For example, it is impossible for college graduates to immediately find high paying jobs right after graduation.   How to write 'just graduated college student'? It seems that there is no adjective in English that means "just graduated" before college students, so we need to use relative clauses and write them as "college, students, who, have, just, graduated". If "graduated" cannot be written, write it as "left" first; Then how to write 'high salary'? There is no such adjective before 'jobs' in English, so use relative clauses to write' to ',' find ',' jobs', 'which', 'can', 'give', 'them', 'a', 'lot', 'of', 'money'. This sentence will be written as: It,is,impossible,for,college,students,who,have,just,graduated,to,find,jobs,which,can,give,them,a,lot,of,money., Putting two relative clauses in this sentence pattern is too easy to make mistakes. In fact, newly graduated college students can be written as: newly graduated, students, while high paying jobs can be written as well paying, jobs. By putting these two phrases in, it becomes: It, is, impossible, for, newly graduated, students, to, find, well paying, jobs. Compared with the relative clause above, it will receive higher scores. But how many people can write these two phrases? Can we change our thinking and simplify the above sentence into four sentences: ① Every year, many college graduates. ② They all want to find a job. ③ These jobs can give them a lot of money. ④ This is impossible. I believe most candidates can quickly write this sentence: ① Every, year, many, college, students, graduate. ② They, all, want, to, find, jobs. ③ These, jobs, can, give, them, a, lot, of, money. ④ This, is, impossible. The first sentence belongs to the subject predicate sentence among the five types of simple sentences, the second sentence is subject predicate object, the third sentence is subject predicate object direct object, and the fourth sentence is subject predicate table. Let's see if we can polish it: In the first sentence, we will change the familiar 'many' to 'heaps, and, heaps, of' (batch by batch), which is a word change; Then? ：from,universities； I also thought of having independent colleges and institutions. The first sentence becomes: Every,year,,heaps,and,heaps,of,college,students,graduate,from,universities,and,institutes。 This sentence, once changed, becomes climate. The second and third sentences can be connected by an attributive clause, because the subject of the third sentence is a repetition of the last jobs in the second sentence, so ②+③ becomes: They, all, want, to, find, jobs, which, can, give, them, a, lot, of, money. After further polishing, we found that give can be changed to offer, a, lot, of, money can be changed to hand-held, salaries. Using the grammar knowledge we have learned, we can make this sentence more complex by adding an insertion to the relative clause: they, hope, after which, so that this sentence becomes: They,all,want,to,find,jobs，which,they,hope,can,offer,them,handsome,salaries。 The fourth sentence can also be connected to the first two sentences. This time, instead of using a subordinate compound sentence, a parallel sentence is used. Due to the change in meaning, a 'but' is used to connect, and 'impossible' is too absolute. It is changed to 'hard, possible', and becomes: They,all,want,to,find,jobs，which,they,hope,can,offer,them,handsome,salaries，but,this,is,hardly,possible。 So the initial sentence, after disassembly and processing (word switching and sentence linking), formed the following set of sentences: Every,year,,heaps,and,heaps,of,college,students,graduate,from,universities,and,institutes.,They,all,want,to,find,jobs，which,they,hope,can,offer,them,handsome,salaries，but,this,is,hardly,possible。 There are a total of 32 words in the previous text, which is not inferior in momentum compared to the sentence "It, is, impossible, for, newly graduated, students, to, find, well paying, jobs" (10 words) that we just thought was difficult to achieve. However, which writing style is more suitable for the situation of the majority of candidates? Of course, it is more advisable to start modifying familiar things, such as newly graduated and well paying, which require accumulation or intentional searching for extraterrestrial phrases. Just to emphasize again: the above set of sentences is a transformation from simple sentences. This indicates that even a simple sentence like this ugly duckling can turn into a swan! This is the biggest inspiration for the writing test of CET-4 candidates! The author firmly believes that when writing a good CET-4 essay, one should not set too high a goal. Trying to write complex sentences all at once may cause bruises all over the body. So, we need to start from what we can control, that is, break down complex Chinese ideas into simple sentences, or learn to think of simple sentences and express them as simple sentences, and then further process them, either by changing words or connecting sentences. With such polishing, writing can be done! The thinking in English writing is like a black hole, seemingly unfathomable, but if we view the writing process as an invisible process of translating from Chinese to English, it will be much simpler and clearer. Based on the author's experience, English writing usually starts with the subject, as the subject is the beginning of a sentence; When it comes to the predicate, auxiliary verbs should be written first, so what tense, voice, and modality should be used first; Next is the verb, which needs to consider whether to use transitive or intransitive verbs, and whether to use transitive or substantive verbs. If it is a transitive verb, consideration should be given to the object, and for a transitive verb, consideration should be given to the predicate. As shown in the following figure: Below the verb and predicate, let's write a few sentences together. Example 1: The international tourism industry has created many job opportunities. This sentence is relatively simple. Firstly, what should be the subject of this sentence? It should be 'international tourism industry', with the predicate being 'creation' and the object being 'employment opportunities'. The main idea of this sentence should be: the tourism industry creates employment opportunities. The corresponding simple sentence structure should be subject verb object S+V+O. First, write the subject: International, tourism; Consider the tense below, which should be a frequently repeated action, so use the present tense. The verb 'create' should be followed by's'; 'create' is a transitive verb, so 'many', 'job', 'opportunities' should be added after it International,tourism,creates,many,job,opportunities。 Example 2: Working outside makes it difficult for mothers to take care of their children. This is a slightly difficult sentence. First, think of the subject, which is' working outside '. Use a gerund in the subject position, written as' Working, outside'; 'Let' cannot be written as' let ', but as' make' in the present tense. Therefore, 'make' needs to be added with's'. 'make' is a transitive verb followed by the object 'mothers', and' unable to take care of the child 'becomes the object complement, forming the sentence structure of S+V+O+C. The object complement is a pragmatic adjective written as' unable', 'to', 'take', 'good', 'care', 'of', 'their', and 'children'. The entire sentence becomes' Working ',' outside ',' makes', 'women', 'unable', 'to', 'take', 'good', 'care', 'of', 'their', and 'children'. Of course, it can also be written as: Working,outside,makes,it,impossible,for,women,to,take,good,care,of,their,children。 This sentence has made appropriate modifications to the original sentence, making it impossible for mothers to take care of their children while working outside, and then using it as the formal object, placing the infinitive after it. Compared to the first writing method, it appears slightly stiff. The third way of writing: Working,outside,deprives,women,of,the,chance,to,take,good,care,of,their,children。 This sentence has been appropriately modified to become 'Working outside deprives mothers of the opportunity to take care of their children', using the sentence structure 'drive, sb., of'. So there are many possibilities for English writing, you can choose the sentences you are most confident in and write them out. Example 3: From May to September, the company's revenue is extremely unstable. This sentence may be encountered when writing charts. May to September can be understood as the period from May to September. As a time adverb, it can be written as between, May, and, September; Choose 'the company's revenue' as the subject and understand it as' extremely unstable '; The predicate verb choice is the past tense of the verb be, which is was; The adjective 'unstable' can be written as a main system table structure S+V+C：Between,May,and,September,,the,turnover,of,the,company,was,fairly,erratic。 Pay attention to the fact that the verb "is" often hidden in Chinese thinking. Conclusion: Simple sentences require students to train well, as they are the foundation for moving towards more complex sentence structures and are also the most confident sentence patterns for new CET-4 candidates to write well without making mistakes during on-site exams. For more information, please visit the Sina CET-4 and CET-6 channels, CET-4 and CET-6 forums, and CET-4 and CET-6 blog circles. Special note: Due to continuous adjustments and changes in various aspects, all exam information provided by Sina.com is for reference only. Candidates are advised to refer to the official information published by authoritative departments.
The December 2008 College English Test Band 4 Exam Exam (Volume B), for more information, please visit: Sina CET-4 and CET-6 Channel, CET-4 and CET-6 Forum, CET-4 and CET-6 Blog Circle. Special note: Due to continuous adjustments and changes in various aspects, all exam information provided by Sina.com is for reference only. Candidates are advised to refer to official information published by authoritative departments.
Hot discussion: The English CET-4 and CET-6 have given rise to the "exam overachievers", who take the exams twice a year. During the exam, reporters found that in addition to the phenomenon of missing exams, there are also "exam overachievers". The National College English Test (CET) is the largest English exam in China, divided into two levels: CET-4 and CET-6. CET-4 is the basic requirement, while CET-6 is the higher requirement. Twice a year, with the first half held in June and the second half held in December. Since December 2006, this exam has not been open to candidates from the public. The registration fee for this exam is not high, with a registration fee of only 16 yuan for Guangdong English Test Band 4 and 18 yuan for Level 6. Due to the low registration fee and frequent applications, there is often a group of "exam overachievers" in the CET-4 and CET-6 exams, especially in the CET-6 examination room. The so-called "exam overachievers" not only refer to those candidates who have applied multiple times but still fail but still insist on applying, but also refer to some candidates who register for the exam after passing it in order to strive for a higher score. Xiaoni is a fresh graduate this year. She registered for the English Level 6 exam for the fourth time this year, took the official exam three times, and missed the exam once. Actually, Xiaoni passed the first English CET-6 exam, but her score was not high. In her junior year, Xiao Ni applied to study in Hong Kong, and the major she applied for only required passing the English Level 6 exam. So Xiaoni entered the exam again, and this time her exam score improved a lot. At the beginning of the year, Xiaoni officially applied successfully, but she still participated in this exam.   Unlike Xiao Ni, Xiao Zhang has a lot of bad luck. Plus this time, Xiao Zhang has already taken the CET-6 exam five times and failed each time. Xiao Zhang used to be very good at English, but after going to college, he became a "naughty" student.   I feel a little regretful now. During my four years in college, I was very restless and rejected these exams. I always wanted to accumulate more social experience. Unexpectedly, over the years, I have become more and more restless and unable to calm down during exams. Recently, I have been dozing off on these two exams and finished them haphazardly. I believe this time my scores are also terrible, "Xiao Zhang said helplessly. Regarding this, Xiao Zhang warns all junior brothers and sisters. Some people say that the English CET-4 and CET-6 certificates are not important, but there is one certificate that has great advantages in employment or continuing education. Don't find any excuses to avoid exams. During university, it is still important to calm down and study hard and take exams
The results of the 2009 College English Test (CET) for the second half of the year were announced in February 2010. The CET for the second half of 2009 in our province ended successfully on December 19th. More than 788600 candidates took the exam in the province, with a total of 221 examination centers and 26486 examination rooms. At present, the scanning of CET-4 and CET-6 answer sheets has been fully carried out, and all scanning work will be completed by the end of the month. The online grading work will start in mid January next year, and the exam results will be announced around February 20th. The score query address is the official website of the National College English Test Band 4 and Band 6 at www.cet-edu.cn.
1、 Do real questions. Now we need to focus on practicing real questions. I have been taking the CET-4 exam for more than 20 years, twice a year, and more than 40 sets of questions are enough for any diligent student. For the vast majority of students, it is sufficient to pay attention to and practice the past ten years, which is the real exam questions from June 1999 to June 2008. If you were completely observing and haven't started yet, it's not realistic to do 20 sets of questions in 20 days, but at least you should not be less than 12 sets. This is an intensity that anyone can accept, don't give yourself excuses. 2、 How to do real questions. Time is tight and tasks are heavy. With the guiding spirit of doing one thing at a time and never wasting limited resources and energy, students should make good use of real exam questions. Set the time for the first time and find your own rhythm. After the second and third attempts, try to summarize as much as possible each time. There will always be new discoveries, checking and filling in the gaps, and gradually improving. This kind of harvest is much greater than burying oneself in new questions without looking back. Summarize what? I will focus on reading, and you can pay attention to these three points: 1. Vocabulary. Vocabulary books must be memorized, but you must know that the repetition rate of the CET-4 exam is very high, and there are only so many frequently tested vocabulary. Therefore, memorizing high-frequency words first is a good method. You don't necessarily have to buy books, and I probably won't read the bunch of words downloaded online. For everyone, all unfamiliar words and phrases that appear in the listening, reading, and finishing options are your high-frequency test words. First, memorize these words, mark them down, annotate them, and accumulate them in your own vocabulary. You need to know the pronunciation of listening words and recognize finishing words. With this kind of collaborative memorization, you will find that the vocabulary that used to appear frequently in books is well memorized, and the situation of becoming the most familiar stranger when returning to the article is greatly reduced. The principle is not explained, and everyone on Earth knows it. Especially, pay attention to accumulating the biased meanings of familiar words. If a very familiar word is tested for a very unfamiliar meaning, accumulate it with equal treatment. Some words are like advertisements that say, 'How many sides do men have? Which side do you want to show today?' Who knows which meaning to test for next time. Anyway, if you pass the test, I will memorize it for you. Don't let yourself regret it. I believe everyone has had this experience before. Staring at a certain word during an exam almost made me cry. I saw that word in the paper I did yesterday. I was lazy and didn't look it up, or I looked it up but didn't memorize it, or I memorized and forgot it, or I didn't forget but the exam clearly didn't mean that. There is one word that can describe my mood at that time:?! For more information, please visit the Sina CET-4 and CET-6 channels, CET-4 and CET-6 forums, and CET-4 and CET-6 blog circles. Special note: Due to continuous adjustments and changes in various aspects, all exam information provided by Sina.com is for reference only. Candidates are advised to refer to the official information published by authoritative departments.
Authoritative Analysis of Translation Questions for the June 2009 English Test Band 4: DianDian English Test Band 4 and Band 6 Team, with Zhang Pei87, Soon,after,he,trandferred,to,the,new,school,,,Ali,found,that,he,had, ____________(It's difficult to talk to classmates at work) Answer:, difficulty,(in),keeping,up,with,his,classmates,/,difficulty,(in),catching,up,with,his,classmates Comment: This question is relatively easy and has very clear test points. There are two questions in total: one is to test the CET-4 core phrases keep, up, with, sb (to keep up with someone), and the other is to test the core phrases have, difficulty, in, doing, sth (to do something is difficult). Candidates should not be unfamiliar with these two phrases, both of which belong to core phrases and phrases, especially the second phrase have, difficulty, in, doing, sth. In the June 2006 College English Test Band 4, the first translation question had tested similar phrases, namely have, problem, in, doing, sth. Doing something can be difficult, which once again highlights the importance of real exam questions. Therefore, candidates need to fully grasp the key points of real exam questions and be able to apply them to other situations. 88., If,she,had,returned,an,hour,earlier,,,Mary, _____________(You won't be caught in the heavy rain) Answer: wouldn't, have, be, cause, by, the, heavy, rain Comment: The focus of this question is still on two points: the first is to test the mastery of subjunctive mood, the structure of modal verbs+perfect tense. The second is to test the mastery of the phrases' be ',' cause ',' by ', which mean' trapped by... ', and also pay attention to the modification of the concept of rain, making sure to use' heavy 'and' rain 'instead of' big 'and' rain ',. 89., It,is,said,that,those,who,are,stressed,or,working,overtime,are, _______________(More likely to gain weight) Answer: more, likely, to, put, on, weight Comment: The difficulty of this question can be said to be the lowest among the five questions, and the test points are also very clear. Moreover, it has appeared multiple times in the CET-4 exams over the years. Firstly, it is judged that the phrase "be, likely, to" should be used to express "is likely to do something", while "lose weight" is expressed as "put, on, weight". In addition, it is also important to note that the question expresses "more likely". Please add more, so the answer is more, likely, to, put, on, weight,... In addition, we should also pay special attention to this. Master its related expressions, such as lose, one's, weight, go, on, diet, etc. 90. ___________ (something many people are not aware of) is, that, Simon, is, a, lover, of, sports, and, football, in, particular,. Answer: what, many, people, don't, realize,/, what, a, host, of, folks, don't, realize. Comment: This question tests subject clauses, which are not difficult for candidates. Most candidates will directly write the answer "what, many, people, don't, realize," but it is enough for exam answering. However, for our English learning, we need to master synonymous expressions as much as possible, which is commonly known as synonymous substitution, to enrich our language knowledge reserves. For example, in this question, a,host,of,,,an,ocean,of, Waiting can replace many, and the expression of the concept of human is even richer, ， people,=,person,=,individual,=,figure,=,character,=folk, Wait, this should be highly valued by all candidates and English learners. 91., The,study,shows,that,the,poor,functioning,of,the,human,body,is, _____________(Closely related to lack of exercise) Answer: closely,linked,to,the,lack,of,exercise,/,closely,related,to,the,lack,of,exercise Comment: Overall, this question has two main points. Firstly, it tests fixed collocations, and secondly, it tests modifying relationships. Specifically, be,linked,to,=,be,related,to, (Related to...) and the two fixed combinations of the, lack, of, and exercise. Additionally, closely,related,  
Writing guidance for English CET-4 and CET-6: Five methods to enhance sentence expression. Looking at the national CET-4 and CET-6 English composition exams over the years, the main reason for poor writing scores of candidates is not only poor accuracy and coherence, but also weak and weak sentences, which cannot be ignored. Therefore, in English writing teaching, how to enhance the expressiveness of sentences must be given sufficient attention to improve the quality of students' writing expression. Therefore, based on my own writing teaching practice, I have proposed some practical and effective methods for training this skill, which can be used as a reference for colleagues and English learners. 1、 Avoid using the verb 'be' with weak semantic meaning. 1. Convert the predicate in the sentence into different modifiers. For example: Weak:,The,trees,are,bare.,The,grass,is,brown.,The,landscape,seems,drab.,Revision:The,brown,grass,and,bare,trees,form,a,drab,landscape., Or:, The, landscape, bare, and, brown, began, for, spring, green. (Converted to a parallel structure as a postpositive modifier) 2. Convert adjectives or nouns used as predicate verbs into action verbs. For example: 1), Weak:,The,team,members,are,good,players。 Revision:,The,team,members,play,well。 2), Weak:,One,worker’s,plan,is,the,elimination,of,tardiness。 Revision:,One,worker’s,plan,eliminates,tardiness。 3. In sentences starting with "here" or "there", change the noun pronoun after the verb "be" to the subject of the rewritten sentence. For example: 1), Weak:,There,is,no,opportunity,for,promotion。 Revision:,No,opportunity,for,promotion,exists。 2), Weak:,Here,are,the,books,you,ordered。 Revision:,The,books,you,ordered,have,arrived。 2、 Use more verbs with specific meanings and keep the sentence concise and clear. For example: 1 Poor:,My,supervisor,went,past,my,desk。 Better:,My,supervisor,sauntered,(=walked,slowly),past,my,desk。 2 Poor:,She,is,a,careful,shopper。 Better:,She,compares,prices,and,quality。 3、 Try to use the active voice as much as possible. For example: 1 Weak:,The,organization,has,been,supported,by,charity。 Better:,Charity,has,supported,the,organization。 2 Weak:,The,biscuits,were,stacked,on,a,plate。 Better:,Mother,stacked,the,biscuits,on,a,plate。 4、 Prevent the use of words with lengthy and cumbersome meanings. For example: 1 Wordy:,My,little,sister,has,a,preference,for,chocolate,milk。 Improved:,My,little,sister,prefers,chocolate,milk。 2 Wordy:,We,are,in,receipt,of,your,letter,and,intend,to,follow,your,recommendations。 Improved:,We,have,received,your,letter,and,intended,to,follow,your,recommendation。 3 Redundant:,We,had,a,serious,crisis,at,school,yesterday,when,our,chemistry,laboratory,caught,fire。 Improved:,We,had,a,crisis,at,school,yesterday,when,our,chemistry,laboratory,caught,fire。 4 Redundant:,My,sister,and,I,bought,the,same,,identical,dress,in,different,stores。 Improved:,My,sister,and,I,bought,the,same,dress,in,different,stores。 5、 Eliminate the misuse of outdated vocabulary or difficult to understand professional terms. For example: 1 Weak:,They,will,not,agree,to,his,proposals,in,any,shape,or,form。 Improved:,They,will,not,agree,to,any,of,his,proposals。 2 Weak:,I,need,her,financial,input,before,I,can,guesstimate,our,expenditures,next,fall。 Improved:,I,need,her,financial,figures,before,I,can,estimate,our,expenditures,next,fall。
Due, Attention, Should, Be, Given, to, Spelling review: The theme of this essay is different from previous CET-4 exams.   Discussing the issue of neglecting word spelling in English learning better reflects the combination of English learning objectives and English exam objectives, allowing candidates to personally experience the importance of word spelling in English learning. This kind of composition is actually not very difficult for the candidates themselves, because they will inevitably overlook the spelling of vocabulary in the process of learning English. In addition, with the increasing number of electronic processing methods for text in daily life, the automatic error correction function will make the candidates lose the feeling of spelling words unintentionally. Therefore, for such articles, candidates can start from their own personal experiences, analyze whether they have such phenomena in their daily learning and the reasons for them, and make simple ideas to organize the entire article. This essay is still a small argumentative essay.   The second paragraph mainly analyzes the main reasons for this phenomenon.   Secondly, many teachers also overlook the importance of spelling words in the teaching process, which will inevitably have a psychological impact on students - spelling is not important, so teachers are also one of the reasons; In addition, students' own laziness and unwillingness to memorize words is also a major reason. The third paragraph mainly describes how to solve problems on one's own.   This essay is very close to the daily learning life of the candidates, so it is not difficult for them. As long as they do a good analysis and list solutions, a good essay will not be difficult. Source: Enbo
Summary of Common Mistakes and Answering Techniques in English CET-4 Listening Compound Dictation and English CET-6 Compound Dictation Skills 1. Spelling of Words Over the Years Additional,architecture,artificial,average,boring,cancerCoupled,crossed,describe,despite,destroyed,distantEmotionally,ensure,established,experiencesfamiliar,focusedHistorical,increasingly,instruments,investigated,mysteriousNormal,commom,plain,percent,perhaps,permitted,popular,printer,quality,quantityRecommend,relatively,retirement,romantic,ruining,species,success,typical,uniform,value Easy to make mistakes: 1. capitalization issues: proper nouns, at the beginning of sentences. 2. Pay attention to whether the consonant letters between each syllable of a word are written in pairs. success，,process，,necessary，,recommend。 Pay attention to the spelling of vowels within a syllable. Dictation: Pay attention to the letters that are not pronounced: island, exhausted, isle, comb. 5. Check for inflections at the end of words: 1) Nouns: singular, plural, all forms of non finite verbs and predicate verbs (ed, ing, s), rarely filled with prototypes. 2) Pay attention to comparative adjectives and adjectives ending in 'al'. natural.personal.emotional.artificial.additional， 3) The adverb ending with 'lywholly', 'completely', and 'emotionally'. Words that are prone to spelling mistakes: Campaign，,species，,apparent，,calendar，,category,，changeable，,committed，,conscious，,definitely，,discipline，,equipment，,exceed，,guarantee，,leisure，,license，,miniature，,noticeable，,occasionally，,possession，,referred，,recommend，,restaurant，,relevant，,separate 2、 Sentence dictation: Synonym substitution writing difficulty 1. Synonym substitution at the lexical level: 1), I’ve,got,to,go,over,my,notes,for,tomorrow’s,midterm。 (study)2),We’ll,have,to,leave,very,early。 (set,off)3),It,looks,like,he,bought,out,the,bookshelf。 (bought,a,lot,of,books)4),I’ll,have,to,get,my,ticket,of,the,flight,changed。 (switch,to)5),Jane,is,counting,the,days,to,go,home,for,the,summer。 (is,eager,to)6),There’ll,be,another,bus,in,two,or,three,minutes。 Synonymous substitution at the sentence level: 1) You, can, use, my, new, car, if, you, drive, it, care. I,agree,to,lend,you,my,new,car。 2)The,reading,list,of,English,course,is,enormousIt’s,going,to,require,a,lot,of,reading,of,the,English,course。 3)The,teacher,went,over,last,Friday’s,lesson,today。 The,teacher,reviewed,a,previous,lesson,today。 4)The,train,is,behind,the,schedule。 The,train,is,late。 5)I,hate,to,tell,you,this，,but,I,can’t,seem,to,find,them。 The,tools,I,borrowed,from,you,are,missing。 6)If,I,were,you，,I,would,turn,it,in,to,the,security,office，,it’s,behind,the,administration,building。 Hand,in,the,ring,to,the,security,office。 3、 Compound dictation answer sequence and techniques Before listening: pre,? , listening1., Provide a global preview of the entire text, especially in the first sentence (topic) and the last sentence (conclusion). 2. Observe the special phenomena before and after spaces, determine the part of speech, singular and plural, and tense noun position: A, after the preposition is a noun, after the verb is a noun, before the verb is a noun, No, after the noun verb is a position judgment, To, after the verb subject, after the verb modal verb, after the verb adjective is a position judgment, Be, after the adjective noun, before the adjective adverb is a position judgment, after the verb is an adverb. When listening: which following principle: listen attentively, take notes, with listening as the main focus and memorization as a supplement. 2. How to take shorthand: 1. Omit function words such as articles, auxiliary verbs, etc. 2. When encountering a phrase, remember the first letter of each word, break,down, Just write it as B, D, but make sure you can understand it yourself. 3. For long words, remember the first three letters, such as experience, write it as, exp4., Symbolic memory, such as' more 'or' than ', is recorded as'>', less,than, 5. Mixed memory, which combines the above methods and can also include Chinese characters, etc. 3. After listening: comprehensively check and complete the previously recorded content, Short words can easily be confused with homophones, so when checking, they should be connected to the context to see if the meaning is correct. 3. Check the capitalization of names, place names, country names, time names (such as months), festival names, book titles, file names, trademark names, historical event names, and religious names. The first letter of the sentence should also be capitalized
The fast reading problem-solving ideas and methods for the English CET-4 and CET-6 sprint preparation candidates have entered the review stage of the June 2011 CET-4 and CET-6 exams. How can candidates improve their test taking ability and perform steadily in the CET-4 and CET-6 examination rooms? Famous teachers discuss the techniques for taking the CET-4 and CET-6 exams, hoping that everyone can find a suitable method for themselves. 1、 The exam format and the ability to read quickly require candidates to complete a 1200 word article and the following 10 questions within 15 minutes. The first 7 questions are about judging right from wrong (including NOT, GIVEN), and the last 3 are fill in the blank questions. According to reading comprehension, fill in three to four words (the answers are mostly original words that appear in the original text). This reflects the shift of the CET-4 exam from simply imitating TOEFL to integrating TOEFL and IELTS learning. Fast reading, as the name suggests, aims to test the reading volume of candidates per unit of time. In fact, the assessment of speed in CET-4 has been a continuous result in recent years. In 2002, the average reading volume of each article in our CET-4 reading was 284 words. In June 2003, the reading volume of each article was 300 words. In January and June 2005, the average reading volume was 320 to 333 words. This indicates that the CET-4 examination committee has long had a continuous and gradual improvement in the ability of reading speed. 2、 The idea and method of solving the problem: 1. Subtitles have a great effect. In relatively short reading comprehension exams, key vocabulary in the questions can be directly used for positioning. However, when facing long and tedious fast reading exams, candidates should first pay attention to the subheadings in the article. Some students may think that the difficulty of IELTS compared to CET-4 fast reading lies in vocabulary, but in fact, the watershed between IELTS and CET-4 fast reading difficulty lies in whether subheadings are given. In CET-4 exams, fast reading is actually a positive and proactive correspondence and connection ability. The role of subheadings is similar to the table of contents in front of a dictionary, which can help candidates grasp the macro framework of the article and quickly find the scope of effective information. To draw bamboo, one must first have the bamboo in one's heart. Only in this way can one achieve a wonderful understanding with just one stroke. However, it should be noted that unlike traditional reading that relies on keywords to correspond to articles, the correspondence between titles and subheadings should be based on the topic discussed in the entire sentence of the title rather than individual vocabulary, such as sample question quick reading 6, In,the,United,States,the,building,of,landfills,is,the,job,of,both,federal,and,local,governments。   In fast reading, the first step should be to use a stem to correspond to the subheadings, first determine the large scope, and then read under the determined subheadings. To avoid repeating irrelevant information and improve the pertinence of reading, when it comes to macro point examination, the synthesis of subheadings is the source of the answer to the main question.   Yes1、 Synonymous expression (sample questions FR, T5) 2. Original meaning conversion; (Sample question FRT2) 3. Summarized or induced based on the original text. (Sample question FR, T1,) No.1. The question is directly opposite to the original text; (Sample question FR, T, 4) 2. The original text contains multiple conditions in parallel, and the title is one of the conditions (must, or, only); 3. The original text is people's theoretical perception of something, while the title emphasizes whether it is an objective fact or has been proven; 4. The original text and title use words that indicate different ranges, frequencies, and degrees; (Sample questions FR, T3, 6). Not,Given1、 Some of the content in the title is not mentioned in the original text; 2. The scope in the title is smaller than that of the original text, which means it is more specific; 3. The original text is possibility, the title is necessity; (Sample question FR, T7) 4. The question has a comparative level, but there is no comparison in the original text. 3、 These are the things to pay attention to when positioning. 1. Pay attention to numbers and symbols. The position of numbers and symbols is the easiest to find. If the problem has been mentioned, use the method of searching for keywords to find the answer. Of course, in order to increase the difficulty, numbers may sometimes be expressed in English in articles or references; If you don't know the meaning of a word, you can try to estimate whether it is positive or negative, which is helpful for you to understand the meaning of the article and the author's intention; T, 7. Pay attention to the formal changes in words or sentences. The difficulty of finding answers in an article often lies in the ability to recognize the formal changes in words and sentences. There are three different forms to note: the first is synonymous substitution rules, and, regulations - regulations, T5 for the same part of speech. The second is synonymous substitution speed, up - quickly. The third is synonymous, text and number substitution most, of, -57, percentage
The cloze test answer and analysis for the December CET-4 exam (Hujiang version) from the Hujiang English Green Book. Reference answer for the December 2010 College English CET-4 exam (cloze test): 67, D,came,out68.,C,less69.,D,by70.,A,almost71.,B,developed72.,C,growth73.,B,lead74.,A,pressure75.,B,services76.,B,into77.,C,driven78.,C,wealth79.,C,unless80.,D,expand81.,C,at82.,C,common83.,A,major84.,D,trend85.,C,but86.,B,possibilities Answer and Analysis: 67, D,came,out, Refers to publication, announcement, and here refers to the release of the report. 68., C,less, Based on the context, it can be inferred that what is being discussed here is the growth of urban population, emphasizing both the previous low and the current high. Therefore, using 'less' is more appropriate. Less than: less than, less than. 69., D,by, This indicates the deadline as of a certain time. 70., A,almost, Almost, almost, regarding the previous explanation, explain how many people there are. 71., B,developed, According to the context and the relative term 'developing' in the following text, 'world' refers to developed countries. 72., C,growth, If you read carefully, you will find the answer in the following text. This is about the growth of urban population, so we use 'growth'. 73. B, lead, lead, to means to lead, to lead, which has also appeared at the end of this paragraph. Here, it is said that urbanization contributes to social and economic progress. 74., A,pressure, From the following description, it can be seen that rapid urbanization has also brought tremendous pressure to cities, so pressure is chosen. 75., B,services, Services, cities provide people with housing and services. 76., B,into, Preposition selection, move,into, Move in, move in; Fixed pairing. 77., C,driven, Expressing push, drive, driven,by, Driven by..., what caused it. 78., C,wealth, Wealth; social,division,and,differences,in,wealth, Social differentiation and wealth disparity. 79., C,unless, Unless urban planning is better, the unequal distribution of wealth among different parts may lead to crime problems. 80., D,expand, Refers to expansion, , expand,into,rural,areas, Expand to rural areas. 81., C,at,at,a,much,faster,rate, At a faster speed, fix the combination of 82, C,common, Indicates that a certain event is very common and ordinary. From the following text, it can be seen that this situation is very common and widespread. 83., A,major,major,cities， Big cities, in contrast to the small cities mentioned later, form a contrast of 84, D,trend, Trend, here is a summary of the previous situation, a,trend,toward,de-urbanization, Indicating a trend of anti urbanization development. 85., C,but, Expressing a turning point, stating that cities still have their own advantages, and forming a turning point relationship with the previous "anti urbanization". 86., B,possibilities, Possibility, here it means that cities can still provide opportunities and possibilities that rural areas cannot. Whole article analysis: This cloze test is taken from the VOA, Special, English program on October 9, 2009, which discusses issues related to urban development. From the perspective of grasping the main theme, this small 200 word article provides a comprehensive overview of the history of world urban development and the various problems brought about by urbanization. The core arguments are closely related in logic, and candidates without any background knowledge and reasoning ability will encounter certain difficulties in solving problems. For example, in the second blank, many candidates hesitate between 'more' and 'less', and without specific background information, they need to reason based on the contextual context. Since the emphasis is on the rapid development of urbanization, from 5% to almost 70%, should we fill in more than or less than this 5%. From the author's consistent narrative tone, it can be inferred that he must be lamenting the magnitude of this change, so the previous text should be less than 5%. The examination of prepositional words such as' into/at 'has always been a focus of cloze tests, move,into,cities/,at,a,faster,rate， These are relatively easy to choose basic combinations.
Workplace: With the threshold of CET-6, schools do not look at employers. In order to find a good job, Ajing always signs up for the English CET-6 exam.   On the 18th, Ajing participated in the English Level 6 exam for the fifth time in a semi nude manner, and he felt somewhat helpless about it. This is my fifth time taking the English Level 6 exam. "At 5:30 pm on the 18th, A Jing (pseudonym) walked out of the exam room in the head office building of a certain university, holding the headphones used for the listening exam. More than ten days ago, Ajing just finished taking the national civil service exam. Preparing for the civil service exam, job hunting, and thesis preparation, Ajing didn't review much for this CET-6 exam. In his words, it was a "semi naked exam". This time in the CET-6 exam, Ajing is still confused about the listening part, and he probably feels a bit uncertain about passing. I will graduate next year. Although the school no longer links the English CET-4 and CET-6 exams to graduation, Ajing's biggest concern is that if he fails the CET-6 exam this time, he will lose the job opportunity at his desired employer. In 2008, Ajing was admitted to a graduate program in the Chinese department of a university in this city and began taking the CET-6 exam twice a year. This is already the fifth time. Although the full score is 710, Ajing has never passed the passing line of 425 points, and the highest time she passed was nearly 400 points. For the past two years, with a registration fee of 25 yuan each time and the purchase of materials, Ajing has spent at least six to seven hundred yuan on the CET-6 exam. Although he knows the importance of exams to himself, he really can't get excited. I'm a bit numb, "said Ajing, who couldn't grab the spot for the online exam. In the past two years, the English CET-6 has had an online exam, and the online exam results have the same effect as the paper and pencil exam. However, there weren't many people who registered for the online exam in the past few years. Everyone is a bit afraid of taking online exams. "Ajing has average computer skills and is said to have to face the computer to listen to audio, watch videos, read articles, and complete writing by typing on the keyboard, so he has not registered for online exams and only participated in paper and pencil exams. At the beginning of December this year, feeling overwhelmed by the paper and pencil exams, he planned to take an online exam to increase his chances of passing the CET-6 exam. Anyway, he can register for the paper and pencil exam at the same time. However, just as he was hesitating whether to register, the quota of 100 people for the CET-6 online exam had already been reached. Ajing is a bit puzzled, why is this year's online exam so popular. Is it because it's hard to find a job, and classmates are all looking forward to passing the CET-6 earlier? "Without time to review, this" semi naked exam "is not a lazy way to study. Ah Jing rode his bike and ran to the school cafeteria for dinner. Why did you fail the CET-6 exam after taking it four times? Ajing said he doesn't know what's going on either. To say that he didn't spare his life learning English, he admitted, but with more than 20 graduate students in his class, everyone is busy with classes, writing papers, and internships every day, and Ajing hasn't noticed anyone putting too much effort into the CET-6 exam. Moreover, Ajing visits the self-study room and library two or three times a week. When it comes to studying, he doesn't consider himself lazy. To his relief, a fellow roommate of mine scored nearly 80 points in English during the initial postgraduate entrance examination. During his graduate studies, he was exempt from taking English and, like Ah Jing, failed the CET-6 four times. At least one-third of the students in the class have not passed the English Level 6 exam. This year, employers came to the school for recruitment earlier than in previous years. In previous years, after the National Day holiday, a large number of companies came to the school for recruitment. This year, more than ten companies came to the school to give presentations in September. This caught Ajing off guard. After completing the Level 6 exam at the end of September, one job fair after another took up a lot of his time and energy. The thesis has started, and the supervisor often urges him on the progress of his writing. In October, after registering for the national civil service exam, reviewing for the civil service exam took up a lot of his time. As a humanities student, looking at the math problems that gave him headaches in the civil service exam, he no longer had time to review for this year's CET-6 exam. In Ajing's own words, this year's CET-6 exam is considered a "semi naked exam" and he feels that his chances of passing the exam are not high. According to regulations, if you apply for the English Level 6 exam, you must take the exam. If you miss the exam without reason, you will be disqualified from the next time you apply for the English Level 6 exam. You can only apply after one year. Although the hope of passing this Level 6 exam is not high, in order not to affect the registration for the exam in June next year, he still decided to take the exam. Some employers require students to pass the College English Test Band 6 (CET-6) before graduation. In order to find a good job, they also need to continue taking the current CET-6 exam and no longer issue certificates of passing the previous CET-6 exam. Instead, they will issue transcripts. However, Ajing said that the two are the same thing, and his transcript has further refined his CET-6 score. On the transcript, there is not only the total score, but also the scores of each sub item, "said Ajing. Everyone knows that a perfect score of 710 is required, and a score of 425 is considered passing. 425 is often the minimum score required by various employers for the CET-6 exam. Ajing said that a few years ago, the school had already separated the CET-4 and CET-6 exams from graduation, and no longer required graduate students to pass the CET-6 scores before graduation. Although it is no longer linked to graduation, senior students told Ajing that many employers require a CET-6 score when recruiting. CET-4 is just the most basic threshold, and larger companies look at your CET-6 score, "said Ajing. Large companies usually go through stages such as online application, written test, several rounds of interviews, internships, etc. for recruitment. Graduate students generally require a CET-6 score of 425 or above. If the CET-6 score does not meet the requirements, they will be disqualified in the written test stage. Ajing said that some units even have requirements for the English CET-6 that he finds "outrageous". A few days ago, his favorite media started recruiting and demanded a score of 480 or above for the CET-6, but suddenly rejected Ajing. Ajing said that the reason why many people sign up for the CET-6 exam and don't have the enthusiasm to review is because of the embarrassment of "schools don't look at employers". In order to find a good job, let's take the exam, "Ah Jing shook her head helplessly. Is A-Jing's confusion level six really useful? What is the purpose of the English CET-6? Ajing has always been confused.   The grammar is difficult, obscure, and difficult to understand. Even if you pass the CET-6, it has little to do with English oral communication and application. Ajing said that many students who have passed the CET-6 have weaker English listening and speaking abilities than him. They just know more exam skills than me, "A-Jing's seniors told him. The media, civil servants, and enterprises are the main paths for the Chinese department, and many jobs have nothing to do with English. Ajing understands that some foreign companies require English proficiency tests (CET-6), TOEFL, and IELTS certificates, "after all, there are opportunities to do foreign-related work, and English is often used." However, most state-owned enterprises and small companies also require English proficiency tests (CET-6), which confuses him. After graduating from graduate school, Ajing's senior brother worked as a secretary in a large state-owned enterprise. During the recruitment process, it was required that he must pass the Level 6 English proficiency test. However, after starting work, this senior brother found that he only did daily administrative work in the office, as well as writing some promotional materials, and had no opportunity to use English at all. Ah Jing was puzzled. "Is it just for the convenience of selecting candidates to enter the written examination list?" When talking about difficult listening questions, he took the CET-6 exam for five times. The most troublesome thing for Ah Jing was listening. "He spoke fast and meandered, and could not understand what he said." Ah Jing took part in a tutorial class on Chinese as a foreign language in the summer vacation, and communicated with dozens of foreigners in Canada and other places in English. He felt that real foreigners spoke less quickly than those in CET-6, and were not so "circuitous". He could completely understand what they said. "Spoken language is widely used in foreigners' dialogues, which is actually very simple." Ah Jing said that the total score of CET-6 was 710, of which listening accounted for 248.5 points, and he only scored more than 120 points at most once, which is the main resistance for him to fail CET-6. In addition, his essay with a score of 106.5 also made him feel that it was not worth it. "The scores fluctuated, just like the weather this year." In the four CET-6 exams, when he scored high, Ajing's essay could score 80-90, and when he scored low, he couldn't even get a passing score. However, Ajing didn't feel that his essay level had such a big fluctuation.   A Jing heard that a few years ago, when the CET-4 and CET-6 exams were still based on a percentage system, an undergraduate student in the Law Department of our university was discovered by the school for hiring someone to take the exam on behalf of him, and as a result, he was expelled from school. Ajing said that every April, the school organizes the on campus English Level 6 exam. Master's students who graduate that year with a maximum score of less than 400 in the Level 6 exam can apply. The questions for the College English Test Band 6 (CET-6) are relatively simple and sometimes require training, making it easy to pass, "said Ajing. As long as the company is not too large, it still recognizes this" College English Test Band 6 ". It's useful for finding a job, "A friend of Ajing told him. He copied the previous classmate's listening in the CET-6 exam and passed. Ajing said he hasn't encountered such an opportunity yet. If there were someone with good English scores around during the exam, it would be foolish if they could copy accurately or not. "When it comes to the widely circulated" thousand yuan guaranteed answer "online every exam, Ajing looks incredulous and says," If it's true, it won't be so cheap. "In the past two years, he has heard that some people cheat through headphones and gunners, and it's not something that can be operated for one or two thousand yuan. At least six or seven thousand, "Ah Jing admitted," I don't have the money to cheat, nor do I have the ability. I've heard that the micro earphones used for cheating are only the size of rice grains and sometimes even explode, "said Ajing. During exams, people will hold electronic detection devices to check around them. If someone cheats with communication equipment, they are likely to be discovered, but he doesn't want to take this risk. (Reporter: Yu Chunfeng)
The CET-4 and CET-6 exams have attracted a wave of online "cup tools" signatures, and students are writing lyrics to vent their emotions. "After sending out the exam papers, my heart is cold, I am nervous, I have forgotten all the words, I feel familiar but my meaning is unknown, my listening comprehension is uncertain, and I look at reading with tears; when I step out of the exam room and see my classmates, they are all the same, very hurt. With such results, I have no face to see my parents. I will only wait until tomorrow when the results are released to tie the knot and tie the beam of the house." On the evening of December 19, 2009, Hao Quansheng, who had just finished the CET-6 exam, suddenly found that the status of his friends on Renren's website had changed to this famous song "Jiangchengzi - Lament for English CET-4 and CET-6". It turned out that after the English national One. Cup equipment (a humorous term for "tragedy" on the internet), this year I can only focus on participating, come back next year! ”After listening to the listening, I want to leave! What a cup of equipment! "" CET-6, either you die or I die! "Every time the CET-4 and CET-6 exams end, candidates always use various ways to vent their emotions. Unlike previous years, many candidates this year have chosen to vent their frustration and dissatisfaction by changing their online signatures. As soon as the exam ended, it sparked a wave of online "cup tools" signatures!   At the beginning of registration, everyone set their sights on ambitious goals and bought various vocabulary books and real question books to prepare for a big fight. However, when they arrived at the exam room, they found themselves becoming a member of the "naked exam" army. Let's just go naked! Consider it as spending 17 yuan on a CET-6 simulation. "Before the exam, Li Yuan had already changed her on campus signature to this sentence. In fact, she didn't want to go on stage unprepared like this, but there are always things in reality that make it difficult for her to focus on studying. Last November, the school coffee shop opened, and Li Yuan, who has always been clever and business savvy, immediately rushed to apply for the job. Unexpectedly, she became the manager of the shop. Since then, she has devoted six or seven hours of her spare time every day to the business of the coffee shop. In the blink of an eye, it was the day of the English CET-6 exam. As a result, it was not until before the exam that Li Yuan began to prepare for her first real exam. The exam results can be imagined. The cup is ready! Surprisingly, the CET-6 exam didn't even have time to use various symmetry methods, golden ratio methods, and other masking methods. After the exam, the girl who used to be proud of her English lost her words and silently changed her online signature to this sentence. Backrest answer hits big luck - no chance. "This is the third time taking the exam, and the answers I found twice are wrong. What should I do? Really!" He Xing, who was studying in Beijing, changed his state as soon as the exam ended, making it easy to imagine his "cupped" face. He Xing's English is very poor and he doesn't like to study regularly. He originally planned to take the CET-4 exam naked, but his mother called and gave him a dead order. If he couldn't pass the CET-4 exam, his living expenses would be reduced by 200 yuan. Under the threat of his mother, he began searching online for various exam tips and decided to try his luck. As the exam was only a few days away, he had no choice but to select the most popular answer from the various "answers" circulating online, and forcibly memorized dozens of ABCDs. After the exam, he paired the memorized answers with the correct answers published online, and the error rate was even worse than what he had memorized. Want to get rid of exam oriented English - Yang Fei, a third year student with no choice, obtained her CET-6 certificate with a score of 487 in June last year, but still has to brush up her score. In the current job market, without a certificate is not acceptable, and with a certificate, the score is not high. Can everyone not apply? "" In our school, there are many students who are linked to the CET-4 and CET-6 exams. "Yang Fei said that if students from her school cannot pass the CET-4 exam, they cannot graduate. In addition, for the selection of excellent classes in Beijing, the college deprived one student of their eligibility to participate in the evaluation because they did not pass the CET-4 exam. English is a language, and the purpose of our learning is for communication, not for exams. Being forced like this, who is still interested? "Yang Fei is very dissatisfied with the various practices of the school, but the reality is that in order to find employment and go abroad, taking English exams and obtaining certificates are necessary. Why don't various English tutoring classes targeting CET-4 and CET-6, TOEFL, and GRE continue to thrive. Hou Xia, who is attending university in Guangzhou, achieved a score of over 600 in the CET-6 exam through two exams. Her exam guide is to memorize vocabulary over and over again. When it comes to those days of memorizing vocabulary, she still remembers vividly: "The weather was already a bit hot, but I could only read, copy, and memorize in the self-study room over and over again. That time was really painful." Hard work pays off, Hou Xia's strategy was very correct. Vocabulary played a decisive role in that exam, and many questions were purely focused on vocabulary. My grades have improved, but my English proficiency hasn't really improved. After passing the exam, I forgot all my words, and even after passing the CET-6, I still have mute English! "Hou Xia said. Such college English education cannot be said to be a" cup of equipment "!
In 2010, 500000 college students took the College English Test Band 4 and Band 6 in Beijing. In the second half of the year's exams, the AB paper setting will be cancelled, and candidates no longer need to fill in the test paper categories.
South China University of Technology has set up three starting classes for English teaching, ABC, and new students will first take an exam before being divided into classes upon enrollment. Class A is the highest starting class, and its students are allowed to apply for CET-4 and CET-6 in the second semester of their freshman year. Students in classes B and C can voluntarily choose whether to apply or not in the first semester of their sophomore year. Guangdong University of Technology also offers ABC classes for English teaching, but freshmen are not allowed to take the CET-4 or CET-6 exams regardless of their starting class, and there are no restrictions after sophomore year.   Isn't it better to obtain such an important certificate as early as possible? Why do schools impose restrictions on first-year students?     Some universities have also expressed that "due to the unrestricted application, some students even think that they can apply again if they can't pass anyway, resulting in an increase in the number of applicants and serious absenteeism. The number of absenteeism in some universities exceeds 1000. From the initial data input to the later data printing and invigilator setting, these 1000 absenteeism lead to serious waste of manpower and material resources." At the same time, teachers also pointed out that there is no limit to the number of applicants, and the management work is difficult to follow up on synchronously, which will also lead to an increase in cheating and cause injustice to students who are preparing for the exam seriously. For more information, please visit the Sina CET-4 and CET-6 channels, CET-4 and CET-6 forums, and CET-4 and CET-6 blog circles. Special note: Due to continuous adjustments and changes in various aspects, all exam information provided by Sina.com is for reference only. Candidates are advised to refer to the official information published by authoritative departments.
09下半年四级A卷完型及选词填空参考答案(沪江)完型填空：67.,D,depends68.,D,adequate69.,A,currently70.,C,challenges71.,B,retirement,72.,A,over73.,B,Learning74.,D,on75.,C,needs76.,D,portion77.,A,When78.,A,neighbors79.,B,ever80.,C,In,particular81.,C,adjust82.,D,to83.,B,unpredictable84.,C,available85.,A,sense86.,D,roles15选10：47.,K,recruited,48.,J,recording49.,L,total,50.,C,aspects51.,B,analyzed,52.,H,quality53.,N,unsure,54.,G,established55.,A,already,56.,E,contributing
The Three Rules for Reviewing College English Test Band 4 and Band 6. This article is selected from the Sina blog "Scholar Cat". Click to view the original text. If you adopt the following methods for daily review, you will achieve good results. The first trick is to change the way of review and combine it with one's own interests. Many candidates have high enthusiasm and initiative in the first few days of the review process, holding a vocabulary book and memorizing words and doing exercises according to the plan every day. However, over time, it is inevitable that they will develop a sense of boredom, feel that the preparation is boring and boring, and their efficiency will decrease. At this point, simply changing the way you review can make it easy to prepare for the exam. For example, combining hobbies with CET-4 and CET-6 review can have a huge effect on reading and memorizing vocabulary. Students who enjoy reading novels usually prefer Chinese novels, but at this time, they tend to focus on English translations. When reading, pay attention to the vocabulary preferences of each author. In these books, there are often repeated but difficult to remember words or multiple usages of a word, and using one word multiple times happens to be a key point in reviewing CET-4 and CET-6 words. Students who love watching sports news and fashion magazines can also try to watch more English news and English channels on TV to pay attention to daily life. Learning will become easier in such situations. The second trick is to skillfully use listening materials to achieve high scores in listening and reading. The original text of the CET-4 and CET-6 listening questions is the simplest part of the exam, with realistic dialogue scenes and authentic language. It is a good material for review and can be used as a breakthrough point for preparing for CET-4 and CET-6. Examinees can set aside a period of time every day to repeat and memorize dialogues from past exam papers, thoroughly reading each sentence. This will greatly improve their oral skills; Secondly, whether it is a dialogue or a paragraph in the original listening text, there will be new words appearing. For these words, if candidates can understand them at first listen, they will naturally have no problem in reading. Many words that they usually cannot remember even after memorizing several times will be easily solved. Not only will they master their meanings, but they will also know how to apply them in sentences, and their vocabulary will be greatly expanded. From this, it can be seen that the listening texts of CET-4 and CET-6 are actually treasures all over the body, and making good use of them will benefit candidates a lot. The third trick is to improve listening skills. Persist in repeated dictation. Candidates can prepare a special listening recording and directly transcribe sentence by sentence without looking at written answers or options. Repeatedly listen to the parts that cannot be understood or written down two to three times, and set aside the parts that cannot be written down first, leaving a space. After completing the dictation of a set of questions, check the answers as a whole and mark the parts that were not written down. At this point, recall the reasons why the dictation was not completed or was incorrect, whether it was due to problems with word linking or weak pronunciation, differences in accent, or incorrect spelling of words. Then, compare the modified answers and listen again, paying attention to the previous mistakes and repeating them.   The listening speed, materials, vocabulary of the real test are most in line with the exam, so remember to use the real test for this method. Finally, it should be emphasized that the CET-4 and CET-6 exams are proficiency tests. The CET-4 mainly tests the most basic cognitive level of English, while the CET-6 tests a little bit of application. The exam reform that has begun in the past two years has shown a transition from cognition to application, gradually developing towards testing the true English proficiency of test takers. Therefore, test takers should use appropriate learning methods, integrate English into daily life, and gradually improve their English proficiency. Do not treat it too much as an exam, treat it with a calm mind, tap into the joy of learning, and naturally pass the exam smoothly.
The real answers and estimated scores for the June 2010 College English Test Band 6 (CET-6) have ended in the first half of 2010. Sina Education Channel has released the test questions as soon as possible and will continue to update them. We kindly ask all candidates to pay attention. Welcome all candidates to participate in the difficulty survey and express your opinions on this exam. Click to enter the forum, discuss test answers>>, enter the topic>>
考前必背：四六级写作基本模式议论文写作的基本模式：As,is,known,to,all,,it,is,important,to,be/,do…I,think,there,are,at,least,two,reasons.,For,one,thing…,,For,another,,…Let’s,take…for,example.,From,what,I,have,mentioned,above,we,can,see,that,without…,we,cannot…Clearly,,…plays,an,important,part,in…Different,people,,however,,have,different,opinions,on,this,matter.,Some,people,think,that…,According,to,them,,all,of,us,should…Others,argue,that…In,their,opinion,,nobody,can…without…There,is,no,doubt,that…For,example,,compared,with…,,…has,a,lot,of,advantages.,As,a,consequence…。As,far,as,I,am,concerned,,I,firmly,support,the,view,that…,It,is,because…,So,my,conclusion,is,that…,(109,words)图表作文写作的基本模式As,is,shown,in,the,table,(or,in,the,picture)，,…dropped,from…in,1994,to…in,1996.,According,to,the,figures,given,in,the,table,,…has,great,increased,(or,decreased),in,the,past…years,(or,decades)，,reaching…in,1996.,From,the,table,we,can,also,see,that,there,has,been,a,sharp,decline,(or,rise),in…,It,is,clear,that…There,are,at,least,two,good,reasons,for…On,the,one,hand,,…Let’s,have,an,example,to,illustrate,the,great,increase,in…On,the,other,hand,,…is,due,to,the,fact,that…in,addition,,…is,responsible,for…Maybe,there,are,some,other,reasons,to,show…But,it,is,generally,believed,that,the,above,mentioned,reasons,are,commonly,acceptable。As,far,as,I,am,concerned,,I,trust,that…,So,my,conclusion,is,that…I,am,sure,my,opinion,is,both,sound,and,well-grounded.,(131,words)
08年12月英语四级作文范文(沪江昂立版)Disposable,Plastic,BagsIn,our,daily,life,,most,people,use,disposable,plastic,bags,for,shopping,and,other,purposes.,However,,the,excessive,use,of,disposable,plastic,bags,has,resulted,in,a,great,damage,to,our,environment.,The,problems,brought,by,disposable,plastic,bags,are,various,,ranging,from,environment,to,people's,health.,In,the,first,place,,it,takes,years,for,the,plastic,products,to,decompose,and,be,absorbed,by,the,soil.,Secondly,,the,use,of,disposable,plastic,bags,will,indirectly,do,harm,to,people's,health.,Sometimes,people,buy,hot,food,packed,into,disposable,plastic,bags,for,saving,time,to,wash,their,dining,utensils.,Yet,they,are,not,informed,of,the,chemical,material,the,bags,release,in,high,temperature.,Therefore,,they,are,also,eating,the,poisonous,stuff,while,enjoying,the,tasty,food.,更多信息请访问：新浪四六级频道,四六级论坛,四六级博客圈特别说明：由于各方面情况的不断调整与变化，新浪网所提供的所有考试信息仅供参考，敬请考生以权威部门公布的正式信息为准。
Hot discussion: Why college students can't resist the training market for the CET-4 and CET-6 exams. After the "rebound" of the coaching market and the "decoupling" of degree certificates, the coaching and training market has experienced a moderate shock. This rebound shows the immersion of the CET-4 and CET-6 exams in universities for more than 20 years, and its profound impact is difficult to shake.   So, under the mobilization of classmates, I walked into New Oriental and after three months of training, I finally crossed the line at the last moment of my junior year.   Coincidentally, Xiao Zhen's approach has become the choice of many students nowadays. Yanzi is a junior student at a university in Fuzhou. She finally scored 450 points in her second attempt at the CET-4 exam. In order to pass the CET-6 exam in one go, she signed up for New Oriental tutoring. Even though some senior brothers have participated in tutoring, I have figured it out. It mainly depends on oneself. There are no English classes in my junior year, and I just want to find a companion to supervise myself, "said Yanzi. There are quite a few people who have participated in tutoring classes this year." One person takes the lead, and everyone goes. Many people sign up for exams and participate in training in their freshman year. The senior brothers and sisters of the 06 class said we are more enthusiastic than them, and we think the 08 class is even more 'fierce'. "Industry: Professional" Exam Service "still has a market. The new concept English school has recruited nearly 500 students for this round of CET-4 and CET-6 training. The school principal Ji Chunsheng said that it has basically returned to the enrollment before the reform of CET-4 and CET-6. Number. According to feedback from major mainstream English training institutions in Rongcheng, the enrollment of CET-4 and CET-6 training courses in 2009 showed a trend of recovery compared to the previous two years. The peak period of the CET-4 and CET-6 training business was in 2004 and 2005. Chen Hao, the Dean of Academic Affairs at New Channel, recalled, 'At that time, it was normal for a training school to recruit four to five hundred people.'. In the second half of 2005, the pilot reform of the CET-4 and CET-6 exams only issued transcripts and no longer issued certificates of qualification. The unwritten rule linking university degree certificates with certificates of qualification was also abolished.   Until now, only a few strong large institutions have established this traditional business. In 2006 and 2007, it was relatively sluggish, but now it has rebounded, "said Chen Hao. Although universities have removed tangible provisions, the invisible employment pressure quickly made students fall back into the embrace of the CET-4 and CET-6 exams.   Liu Changbai, the head of teaching at New Oriental, said that there is still a strong market demand for the CET-4 and CET-6 training, which will be difficult to shake in the next four to five years. This is because this is the only unified examination subject in domestic universities, and its influence has been deeply rooted for more than 20 years since 1987. "Some universities do not have the qualification to guarantee postgraduate studies without passing the CET-6, although it is' decoupled 'from degree certificates, it is still related to academic performance. How deep is the connection between the seemingly disconnected CET-4 and CET-6 and universities?     The CET-6 exam is fine, but passing the CET-4 exam is at least necessary. No one is exempt from taking it. In fact, since the pilot of the 710 point scoring system and the cancellation of the passing line in 2005, "passing the CET-4 exam" has become a less accurate term: it only has a transcript, no certificate of qualification, and is not linked to a degree. There is no such thing as "passing" or "not passing" because there is no "line" anymore.   Multiplying 710 points by 60% is almost the same score. "In Hong Yi's opinion, the strong authority established by the CET-4 and CET-6 exams, which have been immersed in universities for more than 20 years, has deeply penetrated people's hearts. The passing line has not been truly abolished with the certificate of qualification. In fact, this" passing line "has always existed, but it is just invisible. The scenery of passing the CET-4 and CET-6 exams is always present, just like the passing line. Most students still have the strange persistence of "striving for excellence in exams".   However, beneath the high enthusiasm lies a subtle coldness. Lin Mingjin, director of the Foreign Language Teaching Department at Fujian Normal University's School of Foreign Languages, admitted that the absenteeism rate is very high.     The 'talisman' under employment pressure? In the past, it was the pressure of "degree", but now it is the pressure of employment, which invisibly and tangibly drives students to rush to the battlefield of grading exams, never breathing freely. Is the impact of this exam amplified? The most cost-effective exam, the National College English Test Band 4 and Band 6, costs 40 yuan. According to the pricing of New Concept English schools, the related training fees are also not high, only about 380 yuan for 80-100 class hours within three months. According to Ji Chunsheng, compared to other English training programs, it is really cheap! So much so that small institutions that cannot form a scale of enrollment are too lazy to carry out this business. In contrast, it has established its authority in the eyes of countrymen people through 22 years of penetration, which is irreplaceable by other English examination systems at present. In today's increasingly stressful employment environment, it has become a consensus among many people to take multiple certificates as a "talisman" to increase competitiveness. The CET-4 and CET-6 exams have undoubtedly become the most cost-effective choice. It's too cheap, and there's no limit on the number of times in college. If you don't take the exam, you won't take it for free. If you don't take the exam, he won't be willing or at ease, "said Lin Mingjin, director of the Foreign Language Teaching Department at Fujian Normal University, expressing the mentality of college students.     They feel that they "need" proof of this exam, but not everyone truly loves this learning, so in the painful battle between heaven and man, the number of applicants and absentees inexplicably spiral upwards. But does the legendary 'threshold' really exist? How much protection does the CET-4 and CET-6 transcript have? Has its influence been amplified?
The first half of 2009 College English Test Band 4 (Test Paper A) 3. After submission, the system will automatically generate the score obtained. Related recommendations: Reference answers for Level 4 A exam (New Oriental version, Angli version), B exam reference answers, answers from netizens, and comments from renowned teachers
The CET-4 and CET-6 exams have ended, and candidates have reported inaccurate answers online. Today, the National College English Test for CET-4 and CET-6 will be held. The reporter learned that candidates from Zibo City took the exam at Shandong University of Technology, Zibo Vocational College, Shandong Industrial Vocational College, and other institutions. After the exam, some candidates complained that the answers sold online were not accurate at all. It is reported that the Ministry of Education has recently issued new regulations, which stipulate that if a candidate cheats in such exams, they will be recorded in their integrity file. The essay topic is "Life". This morning, the CET-4 exam is being conducted intensively in Building 3 of Shandong University of Technology.   The reporter learned that during the exam process, candidates are not allowed to leave the examination room for any reason without consent, nor are they allowed to submit their papers and leave in advance. They can only leave after the exam is over. When the candidates walked out of the examination room, many students told reporters that this year's CET-4 English exam questions were still difficult, but the essay was quite practical, which was about how parents could help their children become independent. This involves some things in our lives, which are similar to the saying 'flowers in a greenhouse cannot withstand wind and rain'. When we become independent, how our parents cultivate us, from three meals a day to accompanying us on exams and further education, cannot do without the presence of our parents in our daily lives. However, it requires us to have an independent spirit, "said a college student.   Upon closer inquiry, it turned out that this student had found an English CET-4 answer online for 1000 yuan.     Many people even claim that "my classmates bought the answers before and passed them all." It is reported that the College English Test Band 4 and Band 6 is managed according to the national education unified examination model, with very strict requirements for paper confidentiality and exam organization. The questions are arranged differently and form multiple sets of different questions for use in different provinces. According to regulations, if a candidate engages in cheating during an exam, their exam score will be cancelled upon investigation and punishment will be imposed by the school in accordance with the "Measures for Handling Violations of National Education Examinations" and school discipline and regulations; The violation will be recorded in the integrity file. Those who violate relevant laws will be investigated and dealt with by the public security organs. It is understood that the results will be announced to the public 60 working days after the end of the exam. Candidates can log in to relevant websites to check. After 90 working days from the end of the exam, the score report will be gradually distributed to the candidates by the examination center. (Reporter: Zhang Min)
In June 2010, with everyone's careful preparation and anticipation, the College English Test Band 4 (CET-4) finally kicked off. Here, the author focuses on analyzing the most concerning and difficult part for candidates - the reading comprehension section. The difficulty level of the reading comprehension section of the 2010 College English Test Band 4 is basically the same as previous years, even lower, and the test points are basically the same. The quick reading section mainly tests the candidate's mastery of skimming and scanning skills, that is, the method of quickly locating keywords in the question; Deep reading, as in previous years, focuses on detailed questions, especially highlighting the important role of paragraph topic sentences. Below, we will provide detailed comments on the key points of each section of the CET-4 reading comprehension test. Quick reading: The article 'Cause in the Web' is excerpted from The Washington Post. Mainly discussing the phenomenon of internet addiction and the harm it brings.   Although I took the cybersecurity exams in 2007 and 2008. This is a well-known online topic among candidates, which is relatively easy for them to understand. In addition, the order of question setting follows the writing, so the difficulty in positioning is not high. 1、 Examinees should know that in most cases, the key information in reading comprehension questions will appear in the first and last sentences of the paragraph, and the part that question setters often test is also the key information in the text. This requires candidates to follow the principle of prioritizing the first and last sentences when answering questions, which can greatly save time and efficiency. 2、 This quick reading section mainly focuses on keyword positioning. Firstly, candidates should pay attention to synonymous substitution of keywords. That is to say, after locating relevant sentences in the text, synonymous substitution or interpretation of the original sentence is the correct option. The most important aspect of synonymous substitution is synonymous substitution, which is a basic vocabulary of CET-4. This requires candidates to be familiar with the commonly tested vocabulary of CET-4 before the exam. In the book "Clever Notes on the Stratification of College English Test Band 4 Vocabulary" by Wendu Education, the CET-4 vocabulary is classified, among which high-frequency vocabulary and commonly used vocabulary are the content that candidates must master. For example, the test point for question 2 is in the last sentence of the fourth paragraph of the original text: There’s,still,no,consensus,on,how,much,time,online,constitutes,too,much,or,whether,addiction,is,possible., The correct options for this question are D: People, have't, yet, reached, agreement, on, its, definition. Here, 'consensus' and' agreement 'are synonymous replacements for commonly used vocabulary. Once you grasp the meanings of these two words, this question will be easily solved. 3、 Examinees should pay special attention to the viewpoints of the characters, which often become the focus of the exam. This is also the case in this exam. For example, in questions 4 and 5, the words' conforming ',' to ',' sb. 'appear, clearly indicating the character's viewpoint. In many cases, the character's viewpoint can be located in places where quotation marks appear or where transitional words such as' but' appear. The difficulty of word choice fill in the blank in this year's CET-4 exam is basically the same as previous years. This year's CET-4 talked about the issue of green buildings, and the cloze test in June 2006 also talked about this similar topic. It can be cracked according to the three-step rule: first, classify the given words according to their parts of speech; Choose 10 out of 15 to examine 4 parts of speech, namely nouns, verbs, adjectives, and adverbs. Secondly, when reading an article, especially when encountering spaces, the first step is to determine the part of speech of the spaces; Finally, analyze the contextual logical relationships to further reduce the search scope. The key to this question lies in the fact that candidates must master the high-frequency and commonly used vocabulary of the College English Test Band 4 (CET-4). In addition, through extensive training, they can strengthen their grammar knowledge and answer skills. The book "The Clever Record of College English CET-4 Vocabulary Stratification" by Wendu Education provides a lot of training on word selection and fill in the blank, helping candidates master CET-4 vocabulary and train their skills in word selection and fill in the blank. The difficulty of this in-depth reading question is relatively low, and each question is clearly positioned in the text. The first article of this year's CET-4 Traditional Reading Exam is relatively unfamiliar to most people, which belongs to the issue of black boxes in airplane flight and belongs to the technology category. This is not particularly familiar to everyone, and the article is very simple. Although you don't know what a black box is, the overall difficulty of the article is not high. The article mainly focuses on explanatory text, with the only difficult questions being 57 and 61. The phrases' ward 'and' off 'in 57 mean' to avoid ', while' withstand 'is used in the text meaning' to endure '. The original meaning is that the black box can avoid damage after a plane crash, while C means to guide the aircraft to avoid disasters. According to common sense, it should be possible to determine that C is an interference term. The word 'indispensable' in D means' essential ', and these high-frequency words are mentioned in the book' Clever Vocabulary Stratification for College English Test Band 4 'by Wendu Education. D is a relatively general answer. Some candidates in 61 may have selected D, which originally referred to the crashed, near, Brazil aircraft, and the black box was not damaged, but buried in the deep sea. The second article examines the thinking patterns of individuals, including positive and negative thinking. This article belongs to the old topic and new perspective - it is well known that positive praise can bring positive emotions to people, but this article discusses new research showing that being positive, thinking, may, do, more, harm, than, good, and facing negativity and difficulties directly can lead to more positive effects. Although candidates rarely come into contact with this type of article, it is not a problem for students to understand the article. When doing exercises, attention should be paid to the application of the following skills: Firstly, like the focus of fast reading, candidates should not pay attention to the role of the first and last sentences, that is, the topic sentence of the paragraph, which often becomes the key point of examination. Grasping the topic sentence of a paragraph can also help understand the main idea of the entire text, and many exam questions can be selected based on their direct relevance to the main idea of the entire text. For example, questions 62 and 66 of this exam ask what, do, we, learn, from,... paragraph? This is a typical paragraph topic sentence test point. Therefore, candidates should strengthen their recognition training of paragraph topic sentences. Wendu Education's "Intensive Training for College English Test Band 4- Reading Comprehension" mentions effective methods for finding topic sentences in articles and provides a large number of training questions. Secondly, understanding key vocabulary and paying attention to the context. For example: 64 What,does,the,author,mean,by“…you’re,just,underlining,his,faults”(Line4,Para.3)？ The key to this question is to correctly understand the two words "underline" and "dim" in the article. The point in option B, 'out' means' pointing out ', which does not match the meaning of' underlining 'in the article. In addition, this type of exam does not test the literal meaning of a sentence, but rather the meaning of the sentence in its context. Therefore, it is necessary to browse the surrounding sentences in order to grasp the correct options. Some candidates believe that reading comprehension only requires understanding sentences, which is a very erroneous viewpoint. Finally, pay attention to some small details. Exam points often appear around special symbols. The analysis of options is also very important. Words containing the central word of the article have a high probability of being the correct answer, and absolute words cannot be the correct answer, such as total, too, much, complete, etc. Words that are easy to become the correct answer, such as may and comparative level, represent possibilities. In short, through the efforts of candidates and their diligent study of the experience and skills of the CET-4 exam, they will definitely be able to pass the exam smoothly. Finally, I wish all candidates a smooth pass in the CET-4 exam!
CET-4 and CET-6 Listening Sprint: Eight Treasures to Help You Pass. For more information, please visit Sina CET-4 and CET-6 Channel, CET-4 and CET-6 Forum, and CET-4 and CET-6 Blog Circle. Special note: Due to continuous adjustments and changes in various aspects, all exam information provided by Sina.com is for reference only. Candidates are advised to follow the official information published by authoritative departments.
Advice from experienced individuals: How to pass the CET-4 and CET-6 exams with a weak foundation? I hope this experience will be helpful for friends with weak foundations. I have graduated for 2 years now. I studied art and design in college, and among my classmates, there are few who are good at foreign languages. The school only requires a Level 3 exam, so after graduating from college and failing Level 4, my English proficiency has regressed to the level of junior high school, so I probably understand sentences like 'good' and 'morning'. By chance, to put it simply, I got angry with the girl I liked. In July of last year, I embarked on the path of taking the CET-4 and CET-6 exams. I have already passed the CET-6 exam in June this year. Although my scores are not worth mentioning in front of outstanding people, I am quite happy to think about my starting foundation - CET-4: 68, CET-6: 67.5. On the internet, many articles teach people how to pass CET-6 in a month and CET-4 in half a month. Personally, I think it's possible! But that's definitely for friends with a good foundation in English. If your English foundation is not good at the beginning, then you can only follow me and take steady steps step by step.   I hope to share some of my experiences with everyone, especially those friends who have no foundation in learning English but are eager to learn it well. Listening: The listening section is the easiest part to score in the CET-4 and CET-6 exams. In the total score of 20 points, if the listening level is good, it is not a problem to score 16-18 points. The so-called good level, I think as long as you can understand VOA, stand, English, and cope with CET-6, it is enough. As an individual, I have not systematically listened to the questions of the CET-4 and CET-6 exams over the years, but the estimated scores for exams and listening are 16-18 points. At the beginning, I even had difficulty listening to Voa, Special, and English. My method is to listen to an SP 4-5 times, clarify the pronunciation and meaning of all English words that I don't understand, and then persist in listening training for 2 hours every day, focusing on SP. If there are no problems, I will hang an MP3 player in my ear and gradually get used to the English context. Two months later, I listened to a tape of the CET-4 English exam and found that what I originally couldn't understand had become simpler. Now, you have a certain listening foundation. Next, you can do some special dictation and try listening to stand, English. This stage really hits your confidence ^ ^: There are many spelling errors in dictation, standing sounds like a heavenly book, and then you think: My level is still not good, 5555~~But it's okay, you're actually making progress, you just haven't noticed it. Persist and gradually discover that your dictation accuracy has improved, and your stand has become increasingly familiar. When dictation special feels simple, you can start trying to transcribe shorter stands. If you can persist in training for about six months, you will have already met the requirements of the CET-6 foreign language listening test. Because the listening requirements for CET-6 are not particularly high, being able to understand stand language can make you feel that the pronunciation of CET-6 is really slow. Here's one thing to say, actually listening to some listening test questions from previous years' CET-4 and CET-6 exams before the exam can help you understand the question types and familiarize yourself with the exam mode, so it's definitely worth it. I am quite arrogant about my listening skills, so I haven't heard much, and as a result, I always don't get full marks for my listening skills.   But being recognized as the most difficult and boring thing by everyone is also considered by words. Friends with good foundations can learn vocabulary through reading, but for those with poor foundations, this is simply not feasible. I can't quite understand the whole article, why talk about learning vocabulary? Since our current level is not up to par, we need to put in more effort than others. I have finished the CET-6 exam, and a large box is already filled with draft papers for memorizing vocabulary. Everyone must have had the experience of forgetting words they memorized not long ago. So, what should we do? I used to memorize around 30-40 words every day, review the previous day's words the next day, and then spend an hour every Sunday reviewing the words of the week. Every month, I spent several hours reviewing the words of the month. If this continues, one can accumulate a relatively large vocabulary in six months. Before the exam, review the vocabulary again. Because it is for exams, you can find high-frequency words related to the CET-4 and CET-6 exams and focus on memorizing them (there are many related materials online). For vocabulary in exams, it is necessary to rely on doing questions. When I took the CET-6 exam, I made a breakthrough in the vocabulary of the CET-6 exam by going to Beijing. Spend a week figuring out all the questions inside and jotting down all the unfamiliar words. Because the experience of previous years in CET-6 is that many questions are repetitive.
Photos: Carina Lau and Carina Lau, Noble and Elegant Clothing Product PK Introduction: Carina Lau and Carina Lau shoot "Let the Bullets Fly" as female leads, with superb acting skills and unique fashion taste. Let's appreciate the fashionable and versatile styles of Carina Lau and Zhou Yun together.
Group photo: Happiness is nothing but Cecilia Cheung, Feng Zhi brings her son and trendy mix and match. Introduction: Nicholas Tse has achieved his dream of winning the Best Actor award at the Hong Kong Film Awards. Cecilia Cheung is delighted to be pregnant with a baby girl, adding another sister to the little Lucas, making Feng Zhi and his wife overjoyed. They often bring their children in and out with warmth recently, pairing up in pairs. Their trendy mix and match with little Lucas is really eye-catching. On the evening of the Hong Kong Film Awards, Bai Zhi and Ting Feng made a high-profile appearance on the red carpet. Bai Zhi was dressed in a color blocked floor length dress, while Ting Feng was dressed in a white outfit as a backdrop. The handsome man and beautiful woman were perfectly matched. Bai Zhiting Feng and his two beloved children have always been envied for their love, and the warm scene of traveling with them is even more enviable. Moreover, the attire of this celebrity family is indeed very eye-catching. The couple pairing of Bai Zhi and Ting Feng here cannot conceal their joy. Ting Feng is wearing a handsome black shirt, while Bai Zhi's black leather jacket is very fashionable. Using a zebra striped scarf to cover the slightly protruding belly and embellish the clothing is really a win-win situation. Bai Zhi, who has always loved her son, not only carries Lucas wherever she goes, but also wears parent-child clothes. The black and white minimalist T-shirts of the two are very eye-catching, and Baizhi has become even more energetic and radiant. Here, Bai Zhi wearing a black T-shirt and a pink jacket feels sweet and charming, while little Lucas wearing a dark green sportswear is very cute, echoing Mommy's casual sports style.
Photos: Real people and stories, socialites wear it to enhance their temperament. Introduction: The winning weapon of socialites often lies in accessories? New York's "Gossip Girl" real person Olivia Palermo, (Olivia,Palermo), She is best at Costume and Jewelry, using exaggerated large necklaces to create a high scoring look. And another socialite active in New York's upper class, Ivanka Trump, prefers delicate and delicate accessories to showcase her elegant temperament. Which style is your "dish"? Let's pick and choose together! People who like Olivia Palermo should easily notice from her street photos that exaggerated and luxurious large necklaces are her favorite. The simple white shirt and shorts were originally versatile items in daily life, but they were full of "star" flavor due to a gorgeous retro Byzantine style necklace. As a noblewoman, Olivia cleverly balances the sexiness of her deep V-neck top with an exaggerated necklace, evoking endless imagination. Windbreakers, knee length skirts, and sea soul shirts are all basic styles in the wardrobe. The key to high-end socialite styling lies in the crystal decorative necklace that matches the color scheme of the top, making you stand out among the crowd. As Donald Trump, the New York real estate tycoon and Trump's daughter, Ivanka Trump exudes a more introverted and low-key temperament. Dressed in a silver gray dress, she only paired it with teardrop shaped earrings as an embellishment, which not only made her cheeks delicate, but also highlighted her elegant temperament, low-key yet still exuding a socialite's style. The satin dress is suitable for formal occasions, with a diamond studded bow that exudes a luxurious feeling. Cleverly, she embellishes her ears with multiple long earrings, which are not too complicated and can complement her clothes.
Group photo: Fashionable housewife, come and get a great value coat. Introduction: Fashionable housewives can no longer be like girls in a room with stockings, bras, long skirts, and short skirts piled up without a place to go on a date. They will keep their home organized and dress beautifully and comfortably. Designers must also love this kind of fashion that originates from life. You can see that the style of fashionable housewives is spreading on the runway and becoming a new trend. Today, let's explore together from the perspective of fashion the items, styles, and dressing techniques that made housewives both soft and fashionable at that time. During the Spring Festival, it is inevitable for housewives to visit relatives and friends for family gatherings. Even if they can be considered strong women at work, they should give up their exaggerated, bulky, and dominant style and deeply explore their gentle and tender side. Don't feel difficult, sometimes a coat, a pair of exquisite shoes, and a handbag can solve the problem. When the discount season is coming, why not first see how the world's most fashionable housewives wear coats and then choose a great value one. Who: Holly, WilloughbyWhere: Restaurant What: Family Feast Holly, Willoughby's camel colored coat has a relaxed and comfortable color, which is more suitable for the atmosphere of a family banquet compared to cool black and delicate white. The simple H-shape looks crisp, but her tough bell bottom pants and suede boots do not match the atmosphere of a family banquet. When wearing it, you may want to change into a pair of semi high heel pointed boat shoes, which naturally present a feeling of not being dominant but being very neat. Who: Ashlee, Simpson Where: Coffee Shop What: It's a natural instinct for girls to compare themselves with their former rivals in secret during class reunions. Ashlee, Simpson is really amazing about this. She paired a loose fitting coat, blue denim bell bottoms, and a black sweater to create a natural and casual feeling, and then embellished it with CHANEL earrings and delicate hairstyle to add a touch of confidence.
Photos: The Russian version of the alternative "UGG" without a sole has sparked a trend. Introduction: Valenki, a Russian winter fashion cotton boot. The traditional Valenki is made of unprocessed wool and has been worn by Russians since the Middle Ages to keep their feet warm. In Moscow, the capital of Russia, Valenki is creating a trend comeback, with young people and fashionistas wearing these boots in Moscow's cafes and nightclubs.
Picture: Put on the hairy earmuffs and say loudly "Don't be afraid of the cold" Introduction: In winter, when you go out, the cold wind hits your ears, and your ears are so cold that they feel numb! To protect your ears, it's best to wear a warm and comfortable earmuff in winter! Cute style will once again become a highlight of your outfit! Choose a pair of earmuffs to protect your ears and be a sweet girl! 【 Pure cotton dress,+, woolen suit jacket,+, black stockings,+, short boots 】 Cute rabbit fur plush earmuffs: real rabbit fur~slim headband, simple style. There is a leopard print pattern~it's very beautiful. Very warm~[Knitted scarf with fur balls,+, pleated hem dress,+, leggings,+, boots] Soft plush material, small waterproof diamond embellishment, super exquisite! It can be a bit dazzling under sunlight or lights! Heart shaped design~It's very cute! [Lake green hoodie,+, black casual pants,+, belt buckle boots] Cute rabbit hair earmuffs: The whole natural rabbit hair is soft and comfortable. It's very suitable for use in winter! Wearing it firmly on the head won't make you sad. Hair collar coat, burgundy knit sweater, low waisted jeans, thin waistband, headband type hair ear muffs: The loose hair exudes cute charm and keeps you very warm!
Chinese female stars, in order to make headlines for a day, are willing to imitate LADY and GAGA, and promote this stunning style. Take a look at the stunning female stars in China. Ado's previous appearance was pointed out to be very stunning, but not as stunning as LADY and GAGA. But it is enough for countrymen to see her eye-catching difference in dress. But now, due to the decline in popularity, I have to try wearing shocking costumes again to attract attention. No matter what the purpose is, as long as it can bring entertainment to everyone, it is enough. Xie Na is getting married, but before getting married, Miss Xie Na's independent behavior still left a deep impression on people. If you don't believe me, let's take a look at her stunning photos. Although Guo Xianni is handsome, she still has extraordinary strength when it comes to thundering people. Sun Yue was once the ambassador for music exchange between China and South Korea, but after returning from Korea, her appearance changed. Now, in order to attract more attention, she has also started taking the LADY and GAGA routes. Can this stunning appearance really bring her a second spring?
Photos: 2011 Spring/Summer Sleeping Skirt, Cute, Sweet, Don't Forget to Play, Sexy Introduction: Sweet and Cute Sleeping Skirt. Which girl can't love it? The heart-shaped pattern full of romantic temperament can dress me up as a dreamy princess; The recent popularity of animal patterns has further accentuated individuality; The classic checkered pattern remains timeless and is a must-have for wardrobes. Perspective effect nightgowns are always more sexy and charming, with scattered heart-shaped patterns that are very cute. The deep V-neck presents a charming figure, and the simple black and white pattern has a fashionable atmosphere. Besides leopard print, zebra print is the most popular animal print, with a strong sense of fashion. It's also a zebra print nightgown, this one has a more wild and sexy taste!
The second tier sub brand also has spring (picture) Introduction: The most attractive thing about fashion is that there are variables everywhere, maybe today's yellow haired boy will become a hot commodity tomorrow; Yesterday's millennium old man will be promoted to the leader of the trend cult in one fell swoop the next day. Although sub brands have long lived under the halo of the main brand and have a somewhat "second tier" trend, after years of development and growth, they have gradually become an indispensable force in the fashion industry. What kind of scenery did the luxury sub brands active in the industry have in the spring and summer of 2011? It can be said that Armani was the first to introduce the concept of secondary line brands. In 1981, he founded the secondary line brand Emporio Armani for Giorgio Armani. Later, many luxury brands developed corresponding secondary line series. At first, they were all based on the main theme, designing products for young consumers who couldn't afford the main theme, and still used brand logos as symbols. The design concept was relatively simple, but after long-term development, market segmentation, and rich design, the "second ones" became increasingly independent. The most famous example is undoubtedly Prada's sub brand Miu, whose success has almost completely forgotten its "second place" status. Miu, born in 1992 and designed by Prada's third-generation successor Muiccia, represents the cute side of Italian fashion and is popular among young consumers. In the spring and summer works of 2011, he boldly took a unconventional stance with his sword, once again interpreting the magical style of "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland". The exaggerated and dreamy colors, unrestrained lines, and imaginative patterns were installed on the strapped high heels and three-dimensional outerwear, reminiscent of McQueen driving westward. The most important point is that it is very independent and has no obvious connection with the same season design of its main brand Prada. It can be said that this has gradually become a clear characteristic of the future development of secondary brands. In the field of men's clothing, Y-3, first seen in 2002, is the "crystallization product" of Japanese national treasure designer Yohji Yamamoto and sports brand Adidas. Strictly speaking, this should be a cross-border cooperation new brand, but more often than not, the fashion industry sees it as a sub brand of Yohji and Yamamoto, with a style that caters more to Yamamoto's elegant and unrestrained style. In recent years, with the decline of the main storyline, Y-3 has become increasingly brave. In the new season's works, they still attract attention to topics, creating a "dandy" fashion sense with colors and special cuts. The exposed navel design and lantern pants are greatly popularized, paired with complex accessories, sweeping away the solid atmosphere brought by minimalism.
Group photo: Hisako Mizuhara, a unique Norwegian forest style fashion. Introduction: Previously, people knew Hisako Mizuhara, perhaps because of her identity as a Japanese model. As a Japanese American, Hisako Mizuhara had a typical blend of Eastern and Western styles. But now Hisako Mizuhara has another identity: actress. In the movie adaptation of the famous novel 'Norwegian Forest', Hisako Mizuhara played the role of Green Child.   When participating in the Venice Film Festival for the movie 'Norwegian Wood', Hisako Mizuhara's red carpet show wiped out countless films, proving that her fashion sense is strong enough as a model. This black dress is from Miu, Miu, Fall/Winter 2010. With light makeup, Hisako Mizuhara looks quite fresh, and the cute flowers on her chest feel very cute. At the premiere red carpet show of the movie "Norwegian Wood" in Venice, Yuki Mizuhara's Valentino, a nude floor length dress for autumn and winter 2010, left a deep impression on people. The short front and long back design made Kiko's jade legs the center of attention, and the Valentino petal high heels also complemented Mizuhara's figure well. This photo can well illustrate Valentino's dress, which is really suitable for Hikiko Mizuhara. With her petite and delicate appearance, she instantly became the focus of the red carpet. As a model, she can showcase her strengths well when facing the camera.
Group photo: Must see in early spring, celebrities interpret the style of windbreakers. Introduction: Windbreakers have an evergreen position in the fashion industry and are also a must-have item in the wardrobe of office workers. Whether you pair them with professional dresses in spring and summer or sweaters and long dresses in late autumn, you can perfectly express the elegance and competence of women. Early spring in March is the best season to showcase windbreakers, and of course, celebrities won't let it go. So, the exciting windbreaker show on the streets is staged! Zheng Xiuwen's dark gray windbreaker and tight leg pants make her tall and slim, and a beautiful scarf will greatly enhance her overall outfit. CHANEL black trench coat and cashmere dress are cleverly mixed by Zhou Xun with a collision of black and white. The white waistband of CHANEL and Vintage also makes the trench coat look more handsome. High heels, Fendi bags, and gloves make the overall look more complete. Stefanie Sun appeared in a long hair style, full of femininity, and her sexy thighs made sexiness the biggest feature of this trench coat, overall casual and charming.
Picture: April Day on Earth, female stars love freshness. Introduction: April Day on Earth, the weather is just right. All kinds of actresses love fresh combinations. Accompanied by different sunshine and rain every day, constantly changing the small details of clothing, subtle changes not only make oneself feel happy, but also bring a refreshing feeling of early spring to those around us. Their appearance will definitely be a reference for your travel this season. What are you waiting for? Join the ranks of fresh outfits! Emma Stone really likes this "Perfect, Crossbody" designed by Jimmy Choo. The handbag, paired with a striped shirt or a full body black look, is perfect and exudes no luxurious aura. It's still classic! Ashley Greene, who played the vampire beauty Alice Cullen in Twilight, has a DIY outfit that is easy to do: a simple striped shirt with a caution sticker on top; The slanted back black Salvatore and Ferragamo handbags make the overall color less monotonous. Hollywood's high-quality female star Kate Bosworth's outfit is perfect for April: Isabel, Marant's 2011 spring/summer collection patterned top paired with denim skirt, Isabel, Marant half heeled boots, and C É LINE sunglasses make the overall look cooler!
Photos: From Pure to Hot, Gigi Leung's Style Changes. Introduction: On February 26th, the "Gigi Leung Concert Tour Hong Kong G Night" was held in Hong Kong? Is this her return to the red after seven years, held at the sports stadium? When Gigi Leung appeared on stage wearing a white dress, it caused a burst of enthusiastic cheers. From innocence to sexiness, from tenderness to spiciness, Gigi Leung's versatile styling is very sexy, and guest Sammi Cheng's performance on stage brought a climax to the entire audience. GIGI's red dress looks tender, with Ren Xianqi's friendly support: Ren Xianqi has a handsome look in pink and white pants, and his suit and leather pants are perfect for pairing with Gigi Leung in a red fluffy skirt on stage, forming an excellent match. Liang Yongqi's white patchwork tassel skirt with diamonds inlaid in awesome: GIGI's pure white patchwork skirt is as beautiful as an angel, and the highlight of the whole body is on the stockings, which are studded with diamonds from sparse to dense, particularly dazzling! Gigi Leung's black dress is magnificent, with exaggerated decorations that are grand enough: the pure black floral bud dress is as cute as a lampshade, and the exaggerated decoration around the neck makes GIGI the most beautiful black queen, super luxurious. Gigi Leung danced with the dancers, proud like a princess: her short hair, coupled with her tall figure, gave Gigi an extraordinary temperament. Her black tie up dress allowed her perfect slim waist to be seen, and the audience was thrilled.
Photo: Shanzhai is innocent, civilian brand platinum bags run rampant in the fashion industry. Introduction: Does the fashion industry despise "shanzhai goods"? Sometimes it doesn't seem certain either. Paying tribute to Birkin and Bag, the humorous creations of Tata, Baby, and Jiaojiao Bags easily sold out. You can tell that "shanzhai" can actually make a name for itself, and the key is how much sincerity you have injected into it! Why is it always Birkin who wins the bid? As is well known, Birkin Bag has a famous Chinese translation called "Platinum Bag". In addition to its pronunciation, using the word "platinum" to describe it also illustrates its preciousness: expensive and rare. As Samantha said in "Sex, and, The City," when she had Birkin and Bag, it was the moment she achieved success and fame! So, this entry-level handbag starts at 50000 yuan, and if you're not a VIP, you can't even buy it with money. It easily becomes the "threshold" for socialites and noblewomen. Without its companionship, it's simply not worthy of this title! It is precisely because too many people have such emotional ties that not only are various "pirated" and "fake" Birkin and Bag rampant, but also various brands have started to brainstorm and launch various "affordable Birkin" under the name of "tribute". But if we just copy it, there will inevitably be a suspicion of imitation. Therefore, designers put in a lot of effort and creativity. In the early years, Japanese girl brands Happy and Lane used jelly like resin materials to create Jelly and Birkin, winning the hearts of girls; Taiwan's Jiaojiao Bags and Japan's Tata, Baby, on the other hand, use superb printing technology to print Birkin's simulation patterns on fabrics, creating both realistic and illusory effects, but also deliberately creating "flaws" with a deliberate sense of humor, successfully winning the hearts of many trendsetters. Finally proving to the world that as long as there is sincerity, "shanzhai" can also make a name for itself!   So, for this entrepreneurial project, they chose the simplest way - by partnering with big brands. On the simplest white canvas environmental bag, the 3D three-dimensional printing technology prints every side of Birkin and Bag on it, even the bottom of the bag, which is extremely lifelike. What's more, they choose the most vivid colors of the original. Even the logo is also modeled according to Hermes, which quickly causes a craze in Taiwan with a bit of banter. Even the big and small sisters flowers who are used to Birkin have become their fans. Through the widespread dissemination of variety shows, it has become the subject of numerous inquiries from netizens, and even received the same treatment as the original work. If you want to buy it, you have to wait for several months on Waiting, List! Of course, the biggest difference from the original work is believed to be in its price. The vanity of "Birkin, Bag" can be bought for just a few hundred yuan. No wonder it can attract countless women. Even socialites like Sun Yunyun who can afford Birkin cannot resist this temptation. Ordinary people like you and me, how can we miss it? Tata,Baby, Although the trend icon "Jiaojiao Bao" is gaining popularity, compared to Tata and Baby, it can only be considered as version 1.0. After all, in terms of realism, Tata, which is highly praised by trend queen Xu Haoying, should be superior to Baby. In fact, Tata Baby is a children's clothing brand, and its main brand TATA is called Talking, About, The, Abstraction, from Osaka, Japan, founded by designer Naoki Ichihara. This brand's specialty is playing extremely realistic "illusion printing", such as printing denim jacket patterns on T-shirts. The same is true for the Tata and Baby handbags. The "Birkin" pattern is printed on the front, left, right, top and bottom of the handbags. Even the front lock and strap of the handbags are almost identical. The selected material is Cordura and Fabric high-strength nylon fabric produced by DuPont and Teflon in the United States. It is well-known for its waterproof and durable properties, and the price is only around 3000 Hong Kong dollars. Although more expensive than "Jiaojiao Bags", they are of higher quality in terms of both simulation and texture, Tata,Baby， Still won the hearts of trendsetters. Firstly, Xu Haoying recommended it daily on her blog, and then trendy icons such as Cecilia Cheung, Faye Wong, and Joey Yung competed to seize the title of "Birkin, the common people" with ease! How else can we play 'Brikin, Bag'? The stacked paper game version of Thai fashion brand Wonder, Anatomie has specially launched a paper birkin, which is not only sturdy and durable, but also waterproof and even lightweight hand washed, priced at around HKD 2000. Of course, you can also consider folding Birkin or Kelly at home yourself. Hermes official website has tutorials. Don't think that Birkin is just a woman's patent, fashionable men have long been eyeing it, and Marc and Jacobs are one of them. So, Hermes also took advantage of the situation for the first time at the 2011 Autumn/Winter Men's Fashion Week, allowing male models to walk onto the runway with Birkin, and men can finally fulfill their "Birkin dream" legitimately! The Street Supreme version assumes that the American streetwear brands Supreme and Hermes are playing Crossover. In fact, this is a photo of Lady Gaga modeling for Supreme, with the photographer being the genius Terry Richardson. Speaking of which, I don't know if Gaga is too fond of Birkin, or if she has a grudge against Birkin. Either she doodles on it, adds rivets, and now she even sticks logo stickers from other brands. But on the other hand, this has invisibly added more topics for Birkin. Why not do it?
Photo: Zhang Yuqi PK Big S, Dress Selection with Mind. Introduction: Various types of dresses such as chiffon, satin, knitted, etc. are popular this year, and spring and summer dresses have become the favorite of girls. Relying on a dress full of feminine charm to adjust your body shape may be a bit cumbersome, but if you have good eyesight like Zhang Yuqi and Big S and master the classic elements of dresses, you can choose a dress that suits your body shape and shape a star like figure. PK highlight: Chinese style elements "the more ethnic they are, the more global they are." This year, ethnic elements have been continuously used in clothing by big brand designers. The short skirt on Da S's body is made of fashionable fabrics, unique tailoring, and transparent embellishments on the cuffs, creating a strong ethnic flavor in the ordinary. And Zhang Yuqi's light purple dress was adorned with cute three-dimensional carvings, paired with a retro hairstyle, creating a trend! PK highlight: Flower element Flower pattern is one of the essential elements this year! A one-piece dress eliminates the hassle of matching, and with just one piece, you can confidently wear it and look beautiful on the street. The floral dress worn by Big S, with its luxurious silk texture and romantic pattern, creates a charming feminine charm, perfectly showcasing the happy feelings of a young woman before marriage. And Zhang Yuqi wore a bright yellow silk dress that used the popular large flower print of this season. The waist cinching design perfectly showcased her S-shaped figure, and the one shoulder design was hot and sexy. PK highlight: The eye-catching red element can showcase one's unique personality and temperament, and is a favorite of many girls. If you are a girl with a slender figure like Big S, you should be careful: the black tie makes her look sweet and charming, the white lace pattern on the chest is the finishing touch, and the black stockings further shrink the thigh lines, making her look super slim. And Zhang Yuqi's big red silk dress was very impressive. The strapless design is very sexy, and with just a small banquet bag, you can attend the banquet cleanly and perfectly.
Group photo: Imitate the clothing of celebrities to create a heartwarming romance. Introduction: February 14th, which belongs to lovers, is such a special holiday that makes every cell of the body, from eyebrows to clothing to gestures, bombard you with sweetness. A survey shows that the first impression of a man and a woman on a date depends on a 60 second 'four eyes meeting'. Instead of winning with talent within 60 seconds, it's more effective to directly wear "love" on oneself. Before Valentine's Day, why not learn from various celebrities and wear fashionable and approachable cotton clothing to create a heartwarming romance with a soft texture. In this era of diverse aesthetics, the image of the dream lover in men's minds is also not entirely the same. Is' she 'a candy sweetheart or a sexy beauty, an elegant lady or a handsome tomboy? Just peek into the female celebrity he likes to find the answer. Since receiving the baptism of fairy tales in childhood, sweet girls represented by "Snow White" have become the dream lovers of many boys. Gossip, several recognized Hollywood sweethearts from Gossip Girl have set the perfect example of sweetness for us. Among them, it is not difficult to find that colorful cotton prints are the key to shaping a fresh and sweet look: simple as a lively cartoon pattern on the "Queen, B" collar or the blooming flowers on Taylor and Swift's entire body. The easily dyed cotton fibers make the printed colors distinct and vibrant. In terms of style, , The 2011 Spring/Summer collection by Christian, Dior, and D&G is a model, with shorts and skirts designed to highlight the youthful vitality of sweet girls. As the saying goes, 'Men are not bad, women are not loved', and vice versa. The so-called 'bad' is, to some extent, a portrayal of 'sexy'. To create a sexy magnetic field for beauties, wild leopard print and elusive lace are worth considering. In addition, cotton, which is close fitting and has excellent stretchability, can better showcase its exquisite curves than other materials. For women, the standards for their dream lover may vary greatly, but regardless, the pursuit of reliable and secure love remains eternal. This also reminds men that regardless of which type you belong to, cotton clothing that gives a reliable, down-to-earth, and comfortable feeling is a good choice for you.
Group photo: Excessive fashion can also be shocking. Jolin Tsai has been dubbed the "Aquaculture Queen". Introduction: Originally a versatile queen, Jolin Tsai has recently been given a new title and has been dubbed the "Aquaculture Queen". The origin of this title is not without reason. Jolin Tsai has repeatedly dressed up like some kind of seafood, which has been criticized by fashion as a stunning outfit. The editor has also searched for a few pictures, use your brain to unleash your imagination. Review of Previous Lace News: During a performance, Jolin Tsai wore this exaggerated dress, with a large collar and long skirt adorned with fluorescent effects. Does it resemble the real underwater creature jellyfish in the picture? Jolin Tsai, who attended the award ceremony on the red carpet, wore a strapless dress with a huge ruffle edge on the front. What did it remind you of? Is it a squid tube? Jolin Tsai, dressed in a black sequined vest and coat, revealing her sexy legs, but what about the two spiky shoulder designs?
Photos: Royal Wedding London Celebration Crowd Street Shot Introduction: Prince William's wedding is a once-in-a-lifetime celebration in the UK. The Westminster Abbey Cathedral and Buckingham Palace hosted banquets for the royal aristocracy, while Hyde Park and the streets and alleys of the UK became stages for ordinary people's revelry. If the performance over there is the highest level of etiquette, then this is the most authentic British style street performance. British girls who only want to see Kate's wedding dress, socialize, and showcase themselves perfectly blend popular elements, high street items, and vintage clothes together, from comfortable flat or wedge heels, to fashionable and simple super long dresses, high waisted shorts, shirt skirts, printed scarves, Ray Ban sunglasses, necklaces and belts, interpreting a comfortable and fashionable dressing style without losing touch with the times. Of course, mischievous British girls also don't forget to give it a grand look, wearing hats and headwear of various shapes to express their respect for the royal family. Besides, it's not just women who are curious about Kate's wedding dress, but also British gentlemen. On this special day, they either dress up in strange clothes or focus on leisure, showcasing the fashionable style of contemporary British men and enjoying this happy day. Alexandra,Simmes， My jacket is Espirit and my headwear is from Accessorize. I come from Germany and happen to be here this weekend to visit friends. The timing is fantastic! Ali,Roberts， PR Clapham, Common, I am wearing an All Saints motorcycle jacket and a Next long skirt, with shoes and earrings purchased from Topshop. My dog baby Lucia's clothes come from Juicy, Couture, and Papaya. Matthew, Williamson, Samantha, Wills, Laura, Jane, London, for, its, Blazers are my favorite designers.   Pippa's bridesmaid dress is extremely beautiful. Brittany,Jepsen， Designer Green, Park, my entire outfit is vintage, except for my Anthropology, stockings, and canvas bags from my own brand - The, House, That, Lars, Built. My headwear is made of paper by myself. The reason I'm here is that I just established a non stick souvenir product line. Catherine,Ball， Master's student Clapham, Common, I am wearing a Portobello, Market leather jacket, Office sandals, Pull,&Bear long dress and belt. The necklace is also from Portobello, Market, and the bracelet is from Camden, Market. My favorite designer is Erdem. The most anticipated thing for me today is Kate's wedding dress. Dale,Watson， Customer Service Manager The Mall, I am wearing a Littlewoods dress, paired with Primark pink stockings and Martin boots. Actually, we try to watch the wedding through our iPhone (mobile internet), and then we go to Green Park to drink champagne.
This low waisted denim pencil pants are suitable for women with slightly excess fat on their legs, as they are not particularly tight and the slight creases can effectively conceal leg defects. The cotton pencil pants that have undergone aging treatment look somewhat casual and wandering, and the seemingly mottled stains on the fabric of the pants are precisely the biggest feature of this style. It is also a very personalized pencil pants, with a super delicate and contracted design at the ankle that contrasts the loose and wrinkled feeling at the knee. Paired with a milky white large collar long jacket, it makes you look very trendy. Knitted pencil pants containing elastic fibers have a tight and snug fit similar to Legging, but they can make the legs appear exceptionally slender, with a high occurrence rate in the "wide top and narrow bottom" combination.
Photos: The popularity of stripes continues to rise in the spring and summer of 2011, with all celebrities attacking. Introduction: Classic and practical striped elements have never left the fashion stage, but this season's stripes are more powerful than ever before. Black and white stripes, color stripes, horizontal and vertical stripes, blue and white navy stripes, sawtooth stripes, whether it is the most fashionable red carpet or the most realistic mass street photography, celebrities have all appeared in striped outfits, among which Prada 2011 stripes are the most popular. Today we will take you to see the latest striped look of celebrities! Recently, Lin Zhiling, who has been troubled by shrinking her breasts, has turned her deep V-neck striped dress into a way for her to showcase her sexy figure. In fact, Prada's stripes have never been a sexy route. This time, Lin Damei made a big mistake! Hailee,Steinfeld, A colorful striped dress from Prada for the spring/summer of 2011, without excessive decoration, showcasing a youthful look. Paired with beautiful crimson nail polish, it complements the dress perfectly. It's not an easy task to wear the usually neutral style of wide black and white stripes into an elegant and sexy look. Zhou Huimin's black and white striped long dress with low strapless style fully showcases the charm of women. The diagonal stripes arranged in different directions break the norm, while a colorful patchwork on her chest adds the finishing touch.
Group photo: Intelligent interview outfit, easy to win impression. Editor's note: Spring is the key to a year, and now is the peak period of job interviews. Countless women are confused when facing their wardrobes: what kind of combination can win trust at first glance? How to strike a balance between intellect and sweetness? Next, the editor and everyone will learn about the smart yet sweet interview dress code, and start a confident interview plan. The elegant light blue suit, with a simple cut design, highlights the intellectual and gentle temperament of women. Paired with a white dress, the overall look is clean and neat, exuding feminine tenderness and easily earning an impression. A beige dress with a touch of princess like ladylike temperament, paired with a pink suit, exudes intellectual composure while maintaining sweet elegance, giving you a confident aura during the interview. A simple and neat black long suit jacket, with a well fitted cut that is generous and appropriate. Paired with a white short skirt, it is slightly 2 centimeters longer than the hem of a coat. The black and white color combination highlights a neat and simple temperament. A smooth and silky silk shirt, adorned with a bow tie, highlights a sweet and elegant temperament. Paired with a black pencil skirt, it is elegant and tasteful, adding points to your temperament. A simple and elegant style coat is a must-have item for OLs, without the need for too many combinations, it can easily showcase its grandeur and elegance. The pink chiffon shirt with ruffled edges adds a playful and intellectual feel to the overall outfit, full of affinity. Paired with a high waisted pencil skirt, it can also showcase the OL's capable and composed side.
Group pictures: Big and small S Hilton, female star's good sisters' best friend, Deng Jingying: I don't know when stars' sisters' clothes became one of the mainstream in street photography, and on the road, you can often see good friends wearing similar styles or colors walking together in pairs. The highest level of sisters' clothing can not only increase double their popularity, but also highlight themselves. Big and small S, Hilton, Beyonce, and Olsen sisters are well aware of this move, and have teamed up to steal the show. Little known star pals such as Xiao Yaxuan and Yang Jinghua, former sisters who turned against each other such as Paris and Lindsay, and precious old photos of their friends were exposed here. This spring, make an appointment with them to wear sisters' clothes and go out! On August 15, 2008, Taipei, Chanel, 08 Autumn/Winter New Clothes Released, Size S, Wu Peici March 20, 2008, Taipei, recording of the program "Size Loves to Eat". Xiao S Xu Xidi, Da S Xu Xiyuan On July 10, 2007, in Taipei, the TV program "Kangxi Has Arrived" was recorded. Makiyo， Big S, Fan Weiqi's introduction: I don't know when the sisters costumes of stars have become one of the mainstream in street photography. On the road, you can often see good friends wearing similar styles or colors walking together in pairs. The highest level of sisters' clothing can not only increase double their popularity, but also highlight themselves. Big and small S, Hilton, Beyonce, and Olsen sisters are well aware of this move, and have teamed up to steal the show. Little known star pals such as Xiao Yaxuan and Yang Jinghua, former sisters who turned against each other such as Paris and Lindsay, and precious old photos of their friends were exposed here. This spring, make an appointment with them to wear sisters' clothes and go out! On August 15, 2008, Taipei, Chanel, 08 Autumn/Winter New Clothes Released, Size S, Wu Peici March 20, 2008, Taipei, recording of the program "Size Loves to Eat". Xiao S Xu Xidi, Da S Xu Xiyuan On July 10, 2007, in Taipei, the TV program "Kangxi Has Arrived" was recorded. Makiyo， Big S, Fan Weiqi
Wearing coquettish shoes: Over ten centimeters wedge heels on stage (picture) Introduction: Do you dare to wear such high-profile wedge heels and go out on the street? At the 2011 Spring/Summer Fashion Week, major brands coincidentally had models step on wedge heels measuring over ten centimeters, predicting the dominant position of wedge heels in the spring/summer of 2011. This season, the patterns of wedge heels are more complex, with weaving, flowers, reliefs, and even rain boots becoming styles that brands are competing to try. The unprecedented split heel has refreshed the history of wedge heels. Compared to slim heels and high heels, wearing wedge heels takes a more steady step, retaining a charming temperament while also adding a hint of strong feminist connotations. How can we make shoes full of drama become the finishing touch of styling? In this issue, we will interpret the fashion rules of wedge heels. BESTBUYH&M - Wooden Heel H&M teamed up with Swedish international footwear brand Sweden, edishHasbees this spring to launch the Clog wooden heel thick soled shoe series. The true soul of Clog wooden heel thick soled shoes comes from a long history and traditional craftsmanship that uses natural materials and is still in use today. Integrating traditional style with Swedish characteristics to create a modern charm. Using items from the Hasbees, for, H&M collection, paired with the trendy 70s bohemian style of this season, is absolutely impeccable. Seychelles - a well-known women's shoe brand named after the Indian Ocean resort, known for its floral and woven designs, creating a vacation like shoe style. This season's floral elements and weaving style are at the forefront. The fabric flowers of this wedge heel shoe complement the flowers on the shoelaces, and when paired with a woven sole, it exudes a rustic charm. Michael, by MichaelKors - The forked heel brand embodies an American casual style, so from fashion to accessories, it showcases the fashionable style of a metropolis. This year, the brand also launched wedge heel shoes, with the popular snake pattern and forked heel, which is very in line with the trend of wedge heel shoes this season. The wide shoelaces can enhance the comfort of wearing, and the light golden leather looks even more youthful and invincible.
From entering the industry to now, we have watched Shu Qi go through the ups and downs of life, becoming independent and strong, exuding an elegant and soft luster in tranquility, which is the perfect expression of a mature woman.
Group photo: A thin strap tied to a plump body, trendy spring clothes play freely. Introduction: This season's spring clothes play is open. In addition to the bold trend of full body semi perspective, there are also various fashion trends. Today, the editor will take you to see the function of a thin strap. Designers often like to please some buyers with details, and a simple ribbon can make a fashion piece stand out. Pam, HoggT stage of London Fall/Winter 2011 Fashion Week. Pam Hogg, born in Sugra, has a dual identity as a musician and designer. She is not only known as the queen of rock and pop music, but also known for her bold and avant-garde design style. This time, the bold strip design and sheer lines are stunning.
Photo: Correcting leg lines, short boots outside of UGG are hot this season. Introduction: Although it hasn't reached the level of "millennium extreme cold" yet, the cold air is indeed quite frequent this winter. Scientific research results have shown that the feet are the most vulnerable areas of the body to lose heat energy. The feet can maintain a constant temperature for a long time, and with appropriate clothing, the whole body can be extremely warm. Boots are the first choice for many "cold people". In addition to the popular UGG, there are also many "trendy boots" that are very attractive this year. They either focus on high technology, young fashion, or avant-garde design... In short, their unique design and high warmth make them "trustworthy" and deserve the name of trendy boots. PUMA's El, Roo features a mid top style with a pocket style shoe opening design, and the color combination also makes people feel comfortable. The corduroy and faux fur lining of the shoe body have excellent insulation performance. Plush trim brings a unique sense of fashion to the classic Crocs shoe style. Timberland's SmartWool series products facilitate the elimination of moisture from the skin surface, allowing shoes and feet to stay warm and dry for a long time. The boots produced by LACOSTE in collaboration with S é bastien and Tellier feature bright colors and contrasting strap designs. High tech "is warm enough to represent brands such as Colombia and Timberland. This season's SmartWool series products add their proprietary technology of intelligent wool material to the shoe lining, which is soft, comfortable, and breathable. And Colombia's hot selling Bugathermo electric boots this season are equipped with rechargeable batteries. Fashion "burr" wrapped foot representative brands: UGG, Crocs. This season, many brands have launched boots similar to UGG styles - the most popular being Crocs' multiple series of boots this season. The classic Crocs shoe shape has been stretched into boots and decorated with plush edges, giving it an Eskimo feel. In addition to its warm exterior, this boot also has an excellent interior, made of the unique soft material Croslite, which provides excellent warmth and comfort when worn. There are also fundamentalist representative brands of boots: PUMA, LACOSTE. This season, many lightweight brands have also launched avant-garde and warm designed boots. The common feature of these boots is "very simple", without too much decoration, jumping colors, and warm texture. The most popular among girls is PUMA, El,Roo， This shoe has been sold out since entering the Japanese market. The boots launched by LACOSTE, in collaboration with S é bastien and Tellier, are also very classic and have been popular among many trendy men and women. Paired with boots to correct leg lines, the mini P (stylist) ultra long knee high boots can elongate the leg lines, making you look taller and more sexy. Paired with short skirts or shorts, it has a good effect. The mid to long fur boots that have become popular this winter can also elongate the leg lines, but girls with carrot legs should avoid choosing fur boots with fluffy calves. For girls whose legs are not very straight, it is best to choose some short furry boots, which can have a decorative effect. Petite girls can try cool fur boots.
Photos: Xu Qing, Fan Bingbing, Zhang Ziyi, What is the celebrity effect of Fashion Week? Introduction: Fashion Week has become a big party for celebrities to gather, but how much benefit can this way of inviting celebrities bring to the brands released during Fashion Week? On March 4th local time, during the 2011 Paris Fashion Week, Fan Bingbing appeared at the Dior runway wearing a distinctive bow shaped sunglasses, showcasing her "international style" aura. As the only Asian actress among the invited guests, Fan Bingbing appeared in a retro outfit at the Dior press conference at the Rodin Art Museum. A simple black and white set paired with a Dior white evening bag, paired with purple fur and black gloves, exuding a strong classic nostalgic atmosphere all over; The special sunglasses with asymmetric design cleverly utilize the most popular bow tie elements, appearing playful and cute, exquisite and unique. The appearance of Fan Bingbing instantly heated up the media present, and foreign media waiting to surround the scene kept shouting her name "Fan" to attract her to look at the camera. At the Dior fashion show, Fan Bingbing sat in the front row with European media darling, supermodel Natasha, and other guests. It is reported that in the coming week, Fan Bingbing will also be invited to watch multiple large-scale brand shows. Recently, the release of the 2011/2012 autumn/winter collections for the four major fashion weeks in New York, London, Milan, and Paris is in full swing. In addition to paying attention to the next season's trend clothing presented on the runway, people are also attracted by the celebrity guests sitting in the front row of the runway. Some of them even stole the fashion show, attracting a busy wave of photographers and journalists. Fashion week has also become a big party for celebrities to gather. But how much benefit can this way of inviting celebrities bring to the brands released during Fashion Week?   In New York, celebrities including the recently popular "Gossip Girl" Blake Lively, British trendsetter Allison Chung, and New York socialite Olivia participated in the launch and promotion of the brand series;   And how many celebrities will be attracted to the ongoing Paris Fashion Week, and therefore how many people will pay attention to it? In 1858, French designer Charles, Frederick, Worth opened a high-end fashion store that first hired real models to showcase clothing. Unlike today's celebrity endorsements and journalist crowds of clothing displays, models at that time strolled leisurely in the showrooms of high-end fashion salons, showcasing clothing to customers and journalists.   But during World War II, the fashion process in Paris was interrupted, and American propagandist Eleanor Lambert launched her "brainstorming". She gathered all American designers together to participate in a weekly fashion release called 'Press, Week'. Journalists have begun to pay attention, and American designers have also begun to receive the trust they deserve in magazines. This weekly fashion release continued until the 1950s, when many designers decided to go solo. During these difficult thirty years, this form of fashion has remained very stable. Each designer releases their own clothing, and buyers, major clients, and some celebrities begin to participate in these shows. For example, designer Halston invited Hollywood star Liza Minelli to his final show. However, in the past two decades, this form has undergone significant changes. In 1989, the Internet became popular all over the world. In 1992, former New York Fashion Week director Fern Maris initiated the first centralized New York Fashion Week, promoting fashion on a large scale and establishing a collaborative and competitive environment among designers. In the early 1990s, Italian designer Gianni Versace invited actor Stallone, singer Prince, and Tupac to line up for a runway show, which once again sparked excitement in the fashion industry. In the late 1990s, celebrities had become the backbone and reliance of fashion shows. In February 1999, American designer Tommy Hilfiger invited celebrities Andy McDowell and Mark McGrath Lenny,Kavitz、 Maxwell Mya、 Wei Clive Jean, Samuel Jackson, and Gavin Rosedale gathered popularity for his release show. For many years, fashion week has become a commercialized operation. Celebrities attend fashion week one after another because they can earn a large amount of six figure appearance fees there. But people are not sure what the future of these celebrity effects will be. Some famous designers, such as Marc Jacobs and Carolina Herrera from the United States, have to some extent reduced the star effect of their brand launches. The front row of the audience in fashion releases is no longer important to them, especially for these well-known brands. And relatively unknown brands still benefit from inviting celebrities. However, some brands have simply abandoned Fashion Week, such as Gareth Pugh creating his 2011 Spring/Summer collection promotional film; Zac Posen chose to create a photo album for the 2011/2012 autumn/winter collection; The famous Tom Ford also chose to release a new series in a private way. After all, not the most famous celebrity sitting in the front row of a fashion week show can save a disappointing fashion collection.
Photo: Precautions and on-site visits for purchasing goods in Hainan Duty Free Store Introduction: On April 20th, Hainan Duty Free Store opened for the first day. Regarding the list and price focus of goods in Hainan Duty Free Store, it is reported that Hainan Duty Free Store hoarded goods worth 300 million yuan, which were sold out within 3 hours of opening! Is the phenomenon of supply exceeding demand really accounted for? What are the details to pay attention to when purchasing goods at Hainan duty-free shops now, and how much discount are there? MP will answer you one by one. Is it really cheap to buy goods from Hainan duty-free shops? Answer: Some products are more expensive than those in tax stores, especially after adding post tax. The tax exemption policy for Hainan's offshore islands generally refers to goods priced above 5000 yuan. The limit is set at 5000 yuan per purchase, but for the convenience of customers who purchase high-end items, it is also stipulated that while the limit is 5000 yuan, they can purchase an item priced above 5000 yuan separately, but they need to pay postal tax. Teng Rui from Sanya Duty Free Store stated that the postal tax on goods over 5000 yuan in the store is reflected beyond the counter price, and customers will print it out separately when making a purchase. Teng Rui told reporters that due to the different pricing of duty-free and taxed goods by suppliers, the price of some duty-free goods, after adding postal taxes, is not much different from that of taxed goods, or may be the same or even slightly higher. How many are the first batch of duty-free goods in Hainan? Hainan duty-free shops have stocked up on goods worth 300 million yuan to prepare for the upcoming May Day holiday. But based on the current hot sales situation, it seems that inventory is far from enough. On April 20th, the pilot of tax-free shopping policy for Hainan's outlying island tourists began. Due to the 15% -35% tax discount available for the same product, the Sanya duty-free store experienced an overload of customers on the same day. After entering the duty-free shop, tourists and customers must use their personal information to apply for a shopping card before they can shop. The barcode on the shopping card will record each customer's identity information, flight ticket information, and purchase history. As of 2:20 pm on the same day, Sanya Duty Free Store had received over 7000 customers and conducted 2480 transactions. Due to the excessive number of tourists in the store, the passenger flow has exceeded the capacity, and the duty-free shop continues to broadcast reminders of "choosing a day to purchase". The total business area here is 7000 square meters, and the goods on display cover nearly 10000 kinds of duty-free goods in ten categories, including perfume, cosmetics, jewelry, watches, clothing, leather goods, bags, sunglasses, travel supplies, Chinese and Hainan specialties. On April 20th, the pilot of tax-free shopping policy for Hainan's outlying island tourists began. Due to the 15% -35% tax discount available for the same product, the Sanya duty-free store experienced an overload of customers on the same day. After entering the duty-free shop, tourists and customers must use their personal information to apply for a shopping card before they can shop. The barcode on the shopping card will record each customer's identity information, flight ticket information, and purchase history. As of 2:20 pm on the same day, Sanya Duty Free Store had received over 7000 customers and conducted 2480 transactions. Due to the excessive number of tourists in the store, the passenger flow has exceeded the capacity, and the duty-free shop continues to broadcast reminders of "choosing a day to purchase". The total business area here is 7000 square meters, and the goods on display cover nearly 10000 kinds of duty-free goods in ten categories, including perfume, cosmetics, jewelry, watches, clothing, leather goods, bags, sunglasses, travel supplies, Chinese and Hainan specialties.
Group photo: Yang Mi shows her sexy side. Can it be electrified to you? Introduction: Yang Mi, known as the "most beautiful ancient costume actress on the screen", has an impressive classical style. This time, she subverts the image in previous TV dramas and shows her sexy side. I wonder if she can be electrified to you? Yang Mi, who has skyrocketed in popularity, appeared on the cover of the April 2011 issue of men's fashion magazine "Men's Fashion" and performed a series of sexy films from the magazine. In addition to releasing her beautiful legs, Yang Mi also inadvertently revealed her mature taste as a little woman.
Photo: Popular in the fashion circle, Japanese street trendsetters are interpreting the evolution trend of work pants and jumpsuits. Trendy people with a keen sense of fashion have long realized in major fashion magazines that jumpsuits have evolved into a star's flagship item. Driven by fashion trends, denim, which has always been tough, is now undergoing a transformation into handsome, casual, cute, and beautiful Japanese streetwear pants. The casual denim work pants bring a relaxed holiday mood, with curled hems and shallow high-heeled shoes making the overall look more feminine. The brightly colored large bags are eye-catching without being overly abrupt. A dazzling red and black striped shirt paired with black jumpsuit pants, a pair of hacker glasses, and a black top hat, without feeling too arrogant, can enhance the pure charm of the whole person. The combination of denim workwear shorts and a bright red jacket is really eye-catching. The blue Martin boots with straps complement the work pants, creating a unique combination that is absolutely eye-catching and earns a lot of attention. Wearing a black knitted sweater with a black striped scarf, a vintage detective hat is very stylish, and pairing denim work pants with contrasting sneakers is very playful. A gray shirt paired with black camisole work pants, black cloth shoes, black shoulder bag, and black top hat can be used to look cool or innocent. It may seem decadent or casual, but your unique style is eye-catching.
Photos: Loli Trendy Show Spring Retro Real Wear Introduction: Loli Trendy Show Spring Retro Real Wear. In the warm and cold early spring, some are sweet, some are elegant, and some are sexy, but no matter which style, it gives a strong visual impact, making it even more extraordinary and charming in this colorful spring.
Picture: Na Ying PK Fan Bingbing, see through long skirt to cope with temperature difference days. Introduction: Long skirt can easily cope with temperature difference days in spring. Ankle length long dresses have become an increasingly popular trend this year, and have also become highly sought after by female celebrities. Whether they are pursuing beauty or handsomeness, they cannot help but fall in love with them and dress up to show off their feminine charm in this season of spring and summer socializing. As a representative of the retro style of the 1970s, the retro style of long dresses is truly unparalleled. The weather is getting warmer, and soon various floor length dresses will be floating on the streets. Are you ready? Chiffon, ranked first in terms of perspective, is the most favored material because it is elegant and lightweight, with a drape and can float with the steps, very feminine. However, in this year's long dresses, floral chiffon is no longer the main focus, and solid colored long dresses are once again taking the dominant position, and they are going through two "extremes": one is sheer perspective, and the other is the texture of double-layer chiffon. On that day, Fan Bingbing appeared at the fashion show wearing Valentino's new spring long dress: the deep brown semi transparent gauze dress faintly revealed a slender curve, the sequin accessory on the chest shone brightly, and the curly hair at the waist immediately showed a noble temperament. The sheer see through style has been very popular this year, mostly used on long dresses. In the spring and summer fashion shows of 2011, their figures were indispensable, either mysterious black or elegant nude colors, some were partial see through, while others were bold full see through outfits, truly testing their figure and courage. But life wear is different from runway wear. Not everyone has the courage to wear see through clothing like Mai Jie. Of course, the hottest style on the internet and the best style for ordinary people to operate is double layered chiffon, which has more texture and sagging than single-layer chiffon. When walking, it seems to have a streamlined feeling, and when paired with nude colors, it is elegant and generous. Na Ying really refuses to age. As an elder sister, she chose a D&G, 2011 spring/summer sheer long dress. The white lace seemed to transport her into her teenage years, completely masking the factor of age. This Na Ying looked like a little girl.
Group picture: The latest street photography is a grand style in Beijing, and trendy men and women are very awesome. Introduction: The fashionable MM will not miss the street photography in Europe and America, so that everyone ignores our domestic street photography. Today, the editor of Aimei.com shared with you the latest street photos of Beijing, which are still quite awesome. Red and black are definitely a stunning combination, with a bright red jacket paired with H&M's large scarf, exuding a fashionable and minimalist vibe. The short down jacket in navy blue is very fashionable and dynamic, and the bottom paired with matte leather pants is very stylish. The brown boots with furry edges exude a very obedient taste, and the top is a hooded sweater paired with a short down jacket, keeping warm without appearing bulky.
Group photo: Learn from street photography experts to wear ankle length dresses, proportion matching does not show short. Introduction: Short women often rush to declare that they are insulated from long dresses. In fact, as long as they master the proportion, no matter how tall they are, they can wear the unique charm of long dresses. Especially for ankle length long dresses, in today's gender neutral fashion trend, a well matched long dress can showcase a woman's graceful curves and add a touch of elegance and liveliness, making it the focus of the street. Wearing a long dress doesn't make you look short, of course, it's important to do proportion homework in your outfit. Let's take a look at how fashionistas do it! The sheer style reduces the heaviness brought by ankle length skirts, short motorcycle jackets, and super high heels are also good combinations for elongating visual effects. The extra long black suit jacket paired with white dust sand appears too neutral, and using a gauze black underskirt as a base can effectively solve this problem. Colorful gloves and animal patterned backpacks also add highlights to the clothing. In this season where sports are prevalent, ankle length sports skirts are bound to be popular as well. Paired with a delicate floral shirt and a short black jacket, it exudes a feminine charm that elongates the leg curves and adds a touch of sophistication.
Photos: With a husband, she can dress even better. Dong Jie's Beautiful Dress Record Introduction: It is said that women will become yellow faced women after getting married. Although Dong Jie has already married, her fashion taste has skyrocketed, making people sincerely admire her for becoming more and more beautiful!
Group photo: Japanese short pair pantyhose, no matter how cold it is. Introduction: Pantyhose has been popular since Europe and America, and has been developed in Korea and Japan. This winter, the trend of pantyhose swept the whole world. When it comes to matching, it can be trendy with short skirts or shorts, and the matching methods are very diverse. Pantyhose not only come in colors, but also in various patterned styles, some of which can penetrate the skin and highlight the sexy charm of women. In the current trend of colored pantyhose, gray, black, and brown socks never fall behind and are the most versatile. The status of the most classic black stockings is still stable, but it is no longer simply black. Through special weaving methods, black becomes more dazzling. The shiny pantyhose on the model's body is the trend of this season, avoiding the swelling caused by colored pantyhose and making it look slimmer. The full body fashion style is quirky and cute, with lively and jumping colors, full of drama, revealing a youthful and energetic sunshine atmosphere. The candy colored pantyhose is a reflection of fairy tale elements this season. The colorful pantyhose that became popular in previous seasons seems to have a stronger momentum this year, replacing tight pants and occupying the streets and alleys. It comes in a variety of colors including red, clear, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and purple, adding a lot of fashionable beauty. The secret to creating slender legs with pure black pantyhose lies in fully exposing the legs and pairing them with a fashionable pair of high heels. Whether paired with shorts or mini skirts, it is a good LOOK. Paired with a short and handsome leather jacket, you become a cool jazz girl! In autumn and winter, if you want to showcase your sweet and sexy personality, it's not just about using boring basic styles to fashion in daily life. A dull and lifeless color will only drown your carefully dressed up style in the crowd. The red colored pantyhose echoes the color of the short skirt, immediately enhancing the model's dressing taste and creating a perfect winter costume performance with a cute image. The black pantyhose perfectly complements the overall feel of the leopard print top, giving it a fashionable and energetic look. Paired with red retro patent leather high heels, it showcases slender legs and embodies the charm of winter.
Group photo: Zero Degrees Never Abandons Jeans, Creating a Fashionable High Street Style Introduction: In addition to sweet short skirts and slim leggings, jeans are also one of the favorite choices for winter girls. Whether it's slim fitting leggings or handsome boyfriend style jeans, whether it's bright blue tones or versatile black, with careful matching, you can create your own fashionista style. The versatile and classic black jeans, intentionally damaged and torn, appear particularly eye-catching and unique, with a strong street atmosphere. Paired with urban modern high top boots, they are cool and fashionable. The deliberate destruction effect of black makes black jeans look unique and versatile, whether it's in the cold winter season or when paired with a shirt for warm weather. The deliberate destruction effect of black makes black jeans look unique and versatile, whether it's in the cold winter season or when paired with a shirt in warm weather. If you want a more fashionable influencer style, try mixing and matching multiple items repeatedly. T-shirts, shirts, military coats with tassel shoulder bags, jeans, and fur socks are simply eye-catching. The trendy and fashionable black snowflake dot jeans are a favorite of many women. With cool and fashionable colors, unique washing effects, and a high waisted design that highlights a slim waist, they exude your charm and style infinitely!
Photos: Three types of guaranteed Valentine's Day outfits recommended by Choking Chili. Introduction: Although it's early spring, the country is generally cooling down, and spring is also the time when colds and viruses are most rampant. Therefore, while dressing up beautifully, you should also pay attention to keeping warm. In this regard, Choking Chili is definitely a matching expert. 1、 A Nordic style warm fur outfit that keeps you warm but not bulky, with a neutral look and a furry vest that looks warm. If you go to an appointment in this outfit, I believe you will become a very unique couple. It's grand and gives people a very thoughtful feeling, making them feel how much you value this moment. Short hits can highlight your legs, elongate your body proportions, and the small handbag is perfectly matched, creating a harmonious feeling. A sheephair leather jacket with a large lapel, giving it a mature feminine feel and a cool touch. It's a simple yet thoughtful combination that girls love the most. Layer by layer matching is the most important way to create a sense of layering. The super cute wool lapel, the lace short skirt for girls, and the retro style sweater, along with a few seemingly mismatched clothes, can have unexpected effects as long as you dare to wear them.
Photos: Short socks paired with short skirts, playing with retro fashion. Introduction: Short socks can best express a woman's sexy and gentle temperament, and also have a slimming effect. In this early spring, you can use short socks to decorate beautiful dresses, making you sexy yet gentle. Enable you to pursue beauty to the end at any time! A British style jacket and shorts, mixed with cloth shoes and socks, adding youthful vitality to elegance. Wearing shorts is already popular in early spring, and pairing black ankle boots with black adds a spicy charm. Wearing a white T-shirt with a blue pleated skirt looks very student like, and black socks with cloth shoes has a great anti-aging effect. The One Piece in navy blue showcases slender leg lines, mixed with plaid socks and shallow high-heeled shoes, adding a vintage and elegant tone. The headband is also very retro and worth recommending. Super T paired with floral bud skirt is fashionable and efficient, while fish mouth short boots paired with black socks showcase a playful side.
Group photo: Lin Zhiling and Yuan Li's delicate female star military uniform styling, who is the most pitiful? Introduction: Look at Lin Zhiling and Yuan Li leading the three female stars to dress up as "military flower" or "police flower", who has more flavor? What unique charm does different military uniform styling add. There is a hint of tenderness in the confident and heroic posture, with a unique charm.
Photos: White Valentine's Day, Fashion Talk, Retro Love Introduction: White Valentine's Day is one of the romantic holidays that many girls look forward to. What style of clothing can best reflect a girl's mood on that day? Why not have a vintage 1960s romance with fashion! What was the fashion of the 1960s? What is British style? Why do those retro enthusiasts always like to "mod" one by one? Let the editor explain it to everyone. What is Mod? Mod, style began in the 1960s, and mod is an abbreviation for Modernist, meaning modernism. Now it refers to the 1960s British retro style. They ride scooters, wear slimming suits, comb over their ears, listen to English rock, and their girlfriends wear pop style mini skirts. How to dress up a vintage Valentine's Day outfit? 1. The iconic mini A-line dress of the alternative model Twiggy was the most dazzling fashion label of this period. Mary, Quant's shout of 'cut your skirt short' has brought a new era of fashion. By 1966, the then First Lady of the United States, Jacqueline, had a photo of herself wearing a mini skirt published in The New York Times, giving this short and youthful fashion a certain status. In 1966, it became known as the "Mini Skirt Year" and became the best advertisement for the sexual liberation and women's rights movement at that time. Classic elements - mini skirts A-style、 Dress, short 2. eyeliner like Edie and Sedgwick. Edie and Sedgwick are wearing leopard print coat, hip length mini skirt and mesh socks, huge agate earrings, and thick black heavy metal eyeliner. She is a famous American underground film queen in the 1960s. Heavy eyeliner can turn every girl into a star. 3. A pair of Mary Jane chunky shoes Miu, Miu:
Danger of silk stockings: It's up to you whether the legs are beautiful or not. Socks are the final say (pictures) Introduction: silk stockings are fashionable and the most dangerous. Because it is a style additive and also wraps around the most vulnerable areas. Warm and beautiful weather, let's prepare for summer in advance. ·Abandon the traditional simple black silk and use splicing, lace, and holes to highlight the beautiful season. ·The right to say whether the leg shape is good or bad is in the hands of the length of the stockings. Stocking, fashionable and the most dangerous. Because it is a style additive and also wraps around the most vulnerable areas. Whether it's long or short, or hidden or exposed, it's not determined by the top designers on the runway, but by your parents. But following the trend is not impossible. We can abandon the simple black silk and blindly follow this trend of stockings. The only key point that needs to be grasped is the length. The stockings on the 2011 spring/summer runway can be described as diverse and intricate, with a versatile posture. Lotus leaf edges, color collision, material splicing, lace, vertical stripes, and even holes... The most unimaginative stockings began to take a wild and imaginative route. The diversified patterns and styles have made silk stockings break through the fate of supporting role of accessories, and even started to derive their own styles. Actually, it's a bit presumptuous to say that stockings have no style. But almost all of them are broadly categorized as sports style below the knee and sexy style above the knee and thin. Until now, it is difficult to label stockings with labels, and more diverse connotations have been given. Moreover, culture has the concept of subcultures, and stockings represent a subculture trend in the fixed area of the legs. In fact, not only patterns have style, but even length matching is related to style. Generally speaking, mid length socks below knee length paired with sports high heels can easily create a youthful American campus style, while thigh high socks over knee length paired with pointed high heels have an elegant feminine style, and stockings that reach the base of the thigh are best paired with suspenders to create a sexy vibe. The length of a tape measure used to measure intelligence is often referred to as' chest size without brain ', but there is no definitive answer as to whether chest size is related to intelligence. The length of stockings chosen is really related to intelligence - not directly proportional or inversely proportional, but varies from person to person. Because regardless of the length of the socks, the exposed skin on the socks is the visual focus. And smart women must clearly know where to place this focus: on the thighs, calves, or ankles? Under this, choosing the length of socks becomes easy: if you have beautiful knees, knee length socks are the best; If you have slender thigh lines, then suspender stockings are good; If you have elegant ankles, then show them out! If it's a model's chopstick legs, wear stockings of various lengths to your heart's content! If the knees are pitch black, the ankles are not beautiful, the calves are like carrot bellies, and the thighs are like elephant legs... such a sad person either chooses pantyhose or forgets about stockings! The trendy item Rime rose red pantyhose combines virtual and real elements to create a sexy and slender look. These pantyhose are the least layered and least dangerous type of stockings. Because this is just wrapping the original skin tone with color, darker red has a tight visual effect, while the skin exposed on the side of the legs is the result of careful exposure - virtual is solid, but actually virtual. Cunning sexiness is an eternal trend. Reference price: 218 yuan. The abstract pattern of Soeru mesh hollow calf socks creates a literary and artistic style. The colorful printed patterns make the mesh hollow stockings present a bit of abstract artistic beauty, without the tacky gold and silver threads or traditional black, making this calf sock full of artistic style in a unique way. Reference price: 178 yuan
Group picture: "Hatter" Depp, the Mad Hatter also loves hats in his life Introduction: Johnny Depp defeated Gwen Stephanie, Hugh Jackman and other stars in the selection of the website of the American Hatter Association to win the title of "hat, person, of the, year". "the Mad Hatter" in Alice in Wonderland is not only a hat maniac in the film, but also often wears hats to attend various activities in life. Review of previous Lacy Newspaper: In addition to Captain Jack, Johnny Depp's "the Mad Hatter" image in Alice in Wonderland is also deeply rooted in the hearts of the people. The gorgeous gold colored top hat and suit and leather shoes were paired with Johnny Depp's unconventional accessories and classic black framed glasses, creating his own style. Mix and match, a coarse linen triangular scarf and purple sunglasses, perhaps you haven't even thought of such a combination. But when it comes to Johnny Depp, he is indeed so compatible. Is there still some trace of Captain Jack. A tattered denim outfit is still very suitable for Johnny Depp. The carefully selected scarves, handkerchiefs, and hats matched the colors, and the small suit vest was also pulled out from the cabinet and worn on the body.
Group photo: Fashion guru Wu Peici shares her latest private server photo on Weibo. Introduction: Previously, the editor shared with everyone the private server diary posted by fashion guru Wu Peici on her Weibo, which has received a lot of attention and discussion from fans. The latest private server matching diary has been released. Let's take a look together, maybe we can learn more eye-catching and practical matching skills from it. Xiao Wu's private server diary: February 15th~Miss Xiao Wu is wearing clothes that are convenient for paralysis everywhere today. Woolen jackets and PS bags have recently become my favorites, and occasionally being neutral is also good. Xiao Wu's private server diary: On February 6th, last night I went to eat Thai court cuisine. I had to dress modestly, wearing a blue pleated long dress and a black thin synthetic leather jacket. Xiao Wu's private server diary: Teddy, the family's leather jacket, stylish and cute. Xiao Wu's private server diary: On February 3rd, the first day of the Chinese New Year, congratulations on getting rich. White dress and jeans, relaxed and happy.
Photos: Comparison of Taste between Two Generations of Fashion Princes, Kate and Diana Introduction: After 8 years of long-distance love, Prince William is finally going to marry his girlfriend Kate Middleton. This way, he will also embark on the same path as his father Prince Charles, marrying a middle-class woman. This means that Kate has not yet become an official queen, but she has to accept the comparison between her and her late mother-in-law Princess Diana in public opinion. Coming from a middle-class family and equally passionate about charity work, coupled with Kate's deliberate competition with Princess Diana in terms of dress and appearance, the result is that when she wears a small formal dress, she always has a sense of elegance and grace due to her short hair. Kate, on the other hand, doesn't have much surprise and is no different from an ordinary person. Looking at it from a different perspective, perhaps she wants to make being approachable her popular selling point. PK result: Kate won over Princess Diana and Kate's pink dress looks noble and charming. But Kate's cut is more fitted, and the folds at the waist complement the slender figure of the new queen, making her appear more sexy. PK result: The sloping shoulder design of Princess Diana's dress reveals a sexy collarbone, but the waist design is slightly lacking. Compared to that, Kate's dress's waist design is extremely successful, but it does not exude an elegant feeling. Indeed, there is still a gap in temperament cultivation. PK result: Sometimes the difference in Kate Sheng's clothing lies in the highlights, and a finishing touch can make the entire outfit have a different effect. Princess Diana's crown still follows the temperament route, while Kate's headdress makes her look lively and lively.
Group photo: Winter street photography, black silk hot pants are not afraid of cold winter. Introduction: Mao hat, Mao collar, Mao bag. College student MM has captured the hottest and trendiest popular elements of this winter. The A-line navy blue cape effectively enhances the figure, and the fur collar adds a touch of luxury. The woolen hat adds a touch of cuteness. The combination of light colors gives a pure and clean feeling, with striped dresses and furry boots that highlight the whole body. This year, many items have added fur elements, and the warmth index has suddenly increased. A loose suit jacket paired with a denim short skirt, top hat, glasses, and other small accessories show this girl's attention to detail. Legging paired with canvas shoes is very easy to imitate, and choosing the same color scheme is very safe. The soft white lace dress mixed with a tough leather jacket has a unique flavor, while the gray knee high stockings add a touch of youthful vitality. The bright red chain bag adds a lot of points to the overall outfit, making it bright and eye-catching. Another short combat girl, wearing several layered pieces on her upper body, with a strong sense of hierarchy and no messy feeling. She has already worn a lot on her upper body, so she should try to keep her lower body simple.
Group photo: Wearing it in real life makes it more fashionable, March's casual fashion trend. Introduction: Does the gradually warming weather make you vaguely smell a hint of spring and summer? The casual and practical style is popular this season, learn from the trendy outfits of female stars! Celebrity demonstration: Amanda, Seyfried, the light and soft color combination allows people to smell the fashionable atmosphere from early spring in advance, and the studded handbag creates a handsome and free spirited atmosphere. Celebrity demonstration: Fearne, Cotton, light brown shoulder bag brings the combination of dark tones to life and creates a clever sense of color balance. Celebrity demonstration: Rachel, Bilson, a simple yet fashionable casual outfit, layered and layered to create an attractive look. Celebrity demonstration: Whitney, Port, handsome workwear jacket+denim shirt, top hat makes dressing more casual and free spirited. Celebrity demonstration: Kate, Moss, the combination of stockings and boots enhances the leg shape and brings out a unique and fashionable atmosphere.
Picture: Han teaches you how to elegantly wear a small handkerchief in winter. Introduction: Don't underestimate the role of a handkerchief. Although it's small, wearing it makes a big difference! Whether it's OL formal attire or casual fashion square scarves, they will help you elevate your temperament. If you don't believe it, come and take a look.
Group photo: Gao Yuanyuan demonstrates the "Urban OL Style Bible" Introduction: "Single Men and Women" is a hot screening. Gao Yuanyuan was chased by two handsome guys, Louis Koo and Daniel Wu, in the drama, and was once envied, jealous, and hated by female audiences, even being labeled as a "female enemy". However, many male viewers overwhelmingly affirmed Gao Yuanyuan's character after watching the film. In the context of a "frugal society", leftover women, ruffians, and spendthrifts are all not as affordable as economically suitable women. Gao Yuanyuan also appeared in all OL styles this time, which is sure to set off a wave of urban white-collar fashion craze! In the film "Single Men and Women", Gao Yuanyuan personally demonstrated the "OL Style Bible". The dress code of Cheng Zixin, played by her, is mainly office OL style, with elegant main colors matched with beautiful and lively accessories and items. Overall, she is stable, capable, and youthful. She is fashionable and appropriate when entering top office buildings during the day, and can go on a date with friends at night without a coat, easily achieving versatile styling. It seems that the monotonous OL in people's eyes can also be so versatile. For the first time, Gao Yuanyuan took on the lead and portrayed a modern urban white-collar love story. She also rose to become a versatile big screen girl, exuding the charming aura of a working woman. The turning back rate here definitely does not mean that Gao Yuanyuan is eye-catching because she is a big star. Today, she is no longer the fresh and big eyed girl in the advertisements of Love Spicy Hot Pot and Clean Mouth. Gao Yuanyuan, who has more and more unique taste, has a set of clothes. She knows what suits her and how to learn from each other. Not all popular things are suitable, and she can accurately grasp this tone. Recently, she appeared at the airport wearing a tassel vest paired with gray jumpsuit pants, with a hint of a Filipino vibe. Nowadays, Gao Yuanyuan's clothing on the red carpet and fashion parties always brings a fresh and stunning impression. With big eyes, she put on a cool outfit and had a unique look. Recently, at several major award ceremonies, Gao Yuanyuan has appeared in a sexy outfit, whether it's a backless long dress, a high slit showing off her beautiful legs, or a touch of bright red lips, which is indeed fresh but always lacks something, making people feel unnatural.
Group picture: Big S married a rich family in a high profile, and sisters Tao helped to compete for beauty. Introduction: Big S and Wang Xiaofei's wedding was successfully held in Sanya, during which all the entertainment stars of sisters Tao from the family and friends group came to congratulate. Of course, it also became a beautiful dress show. The most beautiful bride, Big S, and all the stars were dressed up carefully, and the most beautiful side should be left for the most important moment. Our queen, Big S, has finally gotten married. When the beautiful white veil is draped over her shoulders, perhaps the style and color are not important, what is important is the beautiful hope in her heart and the person in front of her who will join hands with her for life. The floor sweeping chiffon dress is every girl's childhood dream. My dream is that one day my prince charming will hold hands and take me into the church. I will hold flowers and shyly say I, DO. The beautiful bridesmaid, dressed in a Roman style purple floor length gown. It's unclear if the sky is chaotic and the purple color is slightly dim, but it accentuates the bride's shyness. Xiao S put on a nude long dress and never forgot to show off her beautiful legs when taking photos. She was very excited to see her sister getting married.
Photo: New Creative Ideas for Star Denim Shorts Season Change Introduction: Denim shorts have always been at the forefront of casual wear, and the comfortable material of denim combined with the cool effect of shorts has become a favorite and main theme for pairing during the spring and summer seasons. Loose T-shirts, vests, and even swimsuits can match it, making it an unconventional choice for seasonal outfits. The simpler the clothing, the more it can test the fashion taste of various experts. We still need to learn from Hillary Dafoe in this regard. Wearing a simple big V-shirt on top and a pair of denim hot pants that everyone has, paired with the popular leopard print single item bag, it shines with the charm of a superstar. Of course, bikinis and flip flops are essential at the beach. Audrey Partridge showed us a standard beach frolicking outfit. The bikini is hidden under the semi transparent vest, adding more than just a sexy score! Combined with the head of the neighboring girl, her playful and cute side is enviable to others. Lindsay Lohan's appearance on the crossroads should have earned enough film for photographers! A plain white sleeveless shirt paired with dark blue hot pants showcases a unique feminine charm.
Photo: Platinum bag, colorful return to the streets Introduction: Birkin, translated as platinum bag in Hong Kong and Taiwan, has some truth. Compared to traditional colors, colorful styles are more vibrant with youthful playfulness. Look, they're all excited again, putting on their new colorful. Birkin walked out onto the street and waited for the paparazzi to come and kill him. Victoria,Beckham, Beisao is Birkin's global free spokesperson, and 9 out of 10 days she will use it to dress up and go out on the street. It all depends on her mood to choose, and if there is a slight fluctuation, she will change to another one and take it out on the street. Of course, this is a joke, but trust me, her Birkin will only be more than you imagine. Natalie Imbruglia: French women just know how to dress and understand that orange should be paired with beige. Simple cashmere coats, jeans, and short boots, coupled with Birkin, don't you ladies want to learn how to wear simplicity with elegant texture? What a great example! Olivia,Palermo, A fake socialite with a skin tone that can rival the bag in her hand. The person has returned, but their heart remains on the beach. The tassel skirt and the waistband wrapped in silk scarves all exude a holiday vibe, while the silver shimmering flat shoes are a return to the hustle and bustle of the city. 1. Katie, Holmes: Is this a young woman returning to spring? The light blue platinum bag is really young, especially with small flowers, black legging and ballet shoes, it looks like a little girl's dress, and can be matched with Suri as a sisters. 2., Kim,Kardashian, Kim Kardashian's gray color doesn't look so gentle anymore, because she doesn't want to appear gentle like water. That's not her personality, what she wants is momentum! Thanks to the fur on the cloak, without their support, the aura would have been at most 40% of what it is now.
Group photo: Taking a hint of early spring atmosphere, dress matching demonstration. Introduction: A unique style dress is not only a lightweight and stylish matching item, but also allows you to smell a hint of early spring fashion in advance. Have the wonderful demonstrations of female stars brought you some inspiration for matching?! Playful ladies are both relaxed and mature. Paired with a jumpsuit and cardigan, they can easily tie a fashionable and stylish urban look with just one belt! The just right length of the jumpsuit adds a touch of sexiness to the mysterious black color scheme. Do you want to have high screen capture and youthful vitality? Learn from Whitney and Port, and choose a unique and elegant pleated dress to easily shine! The graceful ladylike dress can also be relaxed and playful, with the clever combination of polka dot patterns and color blocks making the jumpsuit modern and practical to wear. The sloping shoulder jumpsuit enhances the curves of the legs, the mature color scheme highlights the wearer's excellent taste, and the tough necklace embellishments make the look more eye-catching.
Group photo: Learn to be a little sexy like a celebrity, shine at the annual meeting. Introduction: The new year is coming soon! The annual meeting of each company is also in full swing. This is the best time for the female staff to compete for beauty. It is impossible to leave a perfect impression in the eyes of the company bosses without a little effort. The following editor will recommend two styles of dress with beautiful legs for girls who want to play a little sexy. You can choose according to your height and age characteristics. Tall and mature beauty, please choose a high slit long dress. The smooth fabric tightly wraps around the body outlines enchanting lines, and the faintly exposed fair thighs make your heart beat faster. When you want to temporarily put away your sexiness, just close your legs together .....
Photos: Famous ballet shoes, female celebrities' favorite to wear on the streets. Introduction: Ballet flats have always been popular among many female celebrities in Hollywood, with cute styles and comfortable wearing, making them versatile shoes. For girls who are eager to pursue fashion but do not want to put too much effort into wearing it, this shoe style is the first trendy product to be promoted. This season, take a break for your feet, put on ballet flat shoes, and be a burden free beauty! 1、 Chlo é, Spring/Summer 2011 Collection: Dance Classroom Hannah, MacGibbon still loves beige. Although the color has not changed, her spring and summer press conference works exude a captivating sense of lightness. If last season Chlo é's girls wore 70s style sportswear to work, this season they are more like going to dance rehearsals. The beautiful red dance shoes have always been a delicate knot in the hearts of girls, and this Chlo é, a red soft leather ballet flat shoe, can perfectly fill your unfulfilled girlish heart. At the same time, her comfortable foot feel and elegant design will definitely make you feel more pleasant when wearing it.
Photos: Minimally designed sexy panties, dare you wear them? Introduction: Underwear is the most intimate thing for women. In addition to maintaining the shape of the buttocks, its sexiness is no less than that of a ribbed chest, but it is easily overlooked... Now, let's abandon the constraints of slim fitting underwear and switch to tempting sexy colors, giving the buttocks a liberating space! Do you dare to wear such minimalist and ultimate sexy shorts? The ultimate bathroom temptation, the simplest and most pink fur, and a bow.
Xu Jie'er: You can avoid bumping into clothes by shopping in a small shop (picture) Introduction: She likes to shop for clothes and high heels worth hundreds of yuan in the small shop, but she still wears them with confidence and a big brand style. Let's walk into Xu Jieer and see her little star outfit strategy! She is the lyricist and songwriter of Fan Weiqi's "I Don't Love Him That Much" and the villainous villain "Shen Manqing" in "Dolphin Bay Lovers". She plays Su Anna in the upcoming white-collar drama "Running Left and Right". But she's not that popular, and many people don't know about her. She doesn't have much support from big fashion brands, and many of the clothes she wears for the characters on the set need to be purchased by herself. She likes to shop for clothes and high heels worth hundreds of yuan in small shops, yet still exudes confidence and a big brand vibe. Let's walk into Xu Jieer and see her little star outfit strategy! Will there be very little clothing sponsorship for small celebrities during Xu Jie'er's personal demonstration of their clothing buying and attacking battles? If the budget for costumes provided by the production team is insufficient, how should celebrities purchase and assemble the show? With these questions about how to properly use the clothes we bought after filming, we walked into Xu Jie'er's home in Beijing. She loves to wear shirts and pants, and many clothes are purchased for the characters she plays in the drama. However, she also feels very happy because she combines her interest in daily attire with this kind of procurement, and can wear them frequently during filming, killing two birds with one stone. Xu Jieer's store search suggestion is that there are many small independent designer shops in the Sanlitun area. I really like to go there because the clothes in these shops are not mass-produced, and you can find many good cost-effective products. A shop that I love very much is called "Mint Glutinous Rice Onion" (provided by the venue in the main picture), opened by Hong Huang. This store gathers many original brands from independent Chinese designers, which cannot be found elsewhere and can only be purchased in this store. Including hand sewn handbags, wallets, and so on. The prices also range from a few hundred yuan to thousands of yuan. The happiest thing for me, of course, is to buy the most beloved clothes at the most reasonable price. Usually, the cost of shoes is within a thousand yuan. There are also many Korean shops in Wudaokou and Wangjing, which can buy clothes directly from South Korea. Don't go shopping for floats, just go straight to the destination if you need anything. Basically, don't spend a lot of money, just focus on it. Every time you go shopping, you need to have a clear goal. If I really like shirts these days, or if my job really requires shirts, then I will go to all the stores to see shirts; If I've been obsessed with jeans these days, I'll be looking at jeans in all the stores. High heels are also purposeful when buying things. And I usually just go shopping in small shops. After wearing clothes from big brands for a single exposure, there is no way out. Small shops are more unique and won't bump into each other's clothes, making it easy to match. When purchasing drama assemblies, I try to match my usual style as much as possible while meeting the needs of the characters. Because most of the characters I play are white-collar workers, I usually go to search for some shirts, and gradually accumulate more and more. Although I am looking for clothes that meet the needs of the characters in the drama, I also hope to wear them outside the drama. It is most natural to pair a shirt with formal attire, and it can be paired with a skirt or pants. However, nowadays, pairing a shirt with jeans is very popular and casual, so it can be considered a versatile piece of clothing.   My matching style is a "simple yet handsome" artistic style. I can wear a pair of punk style high heels that I bought in a small store for 200 yuan, and wear them with expensive Gucci leather jackets to walk on the streets of Beijing. This way, I can also appear free and casual. The recently purchased black metal fringed high heels are priced at 280 RMB. Highly versatile, can be paired with formal attire or a T-shirt. Xu Jie'er is a true leather jacket enthusiast, with budgets typically in the thousands. The most versatile shirt is a must-have item for Xu Jie'er, which can be worn on a daily basis or on stage. A few jumpsuit pants purchased from Thailand, priced between 200RMB and 300RMB. The jumpsuit and pants have been a hot trend in the past two years. They can be worn off the shoulder in summer and paired with a jacket in winter. Tips for not spending a lot of money on decoration: 1. Don't go bankrupt. In terms of decoration fees, I am not going bankrupt. I am not a fan of luxury goods. In terms of purchasing bags, I have a pink bag from "Gossip Girl" that I found online for over 2000 RMB. It is of moderate size, versatile and durable. 2. When it comes to being willing to spend money, I can't save money. I have a lot of leather jackets, and I will spend thousands of yuan to buy good ones because leather jackets can be paired with different styles. Neutral or refined styles can be created by using leather jackets to match different styles of base clothes, as well as choosing big brands for the lower body to create this different feeling. For me, the trick to saving money on fashion is to identify your own style and think about how to match it before buying a defective product. This can avoid irrational consumption and the vicious cycle of buying without wearing it and piling it up in the wardrobe. My leather jacket can last for several years, and if you spread the price of this jacket over every day of these years, you will actually find that the cost is not high. 3. If the price allows, be sure to buy what you love. My first leather jacket was bought from a small shop in Taiwan, which was easy to wear and match. In the future, I want to buy one in any color. Nowadays, there are more and more styles of leather jackets, and there are also many very feminine designs. It would be great to wear a T-shirt and then a scarf. My favorite leather jacket is an old vintage version. It's not mass-produced, one color at a time. That color is a bit gray blue. When I saw it in the store, it had already been reserved by another customer, but I really liked it. The store helped me ask the customer who ordered it if they could give it to me. As a result, I really own it and have become a leather jacket enthusiast with my own style.
Photo: Nicholas Tse and Cecilia Cheung sweetly go shopping, showing off Valentine's Day gifts. Introduction: Nicholas Tse has always loved his wife Cecilia Cheung. Taking advantage of the approaching Valentine's Day, Nicholas Tse suddenly arranged a "shopping" program for her to choose Valentine's Day gifts from famous stores, making Cecilia Cheung smile! Cecilia Cheung purchased a pink classic, flag, with colored rhinestones embedded in the hardware at the Chanel store. Cecilia Cheung even uploaded the gift on Weibo to share her joy with her fans. Nicholas Tse and Zhang? Zhi has been married for many years and still loves her like glue. Cecilia Cheung loves cooking and often cooks delicious food to make her husband happy, while Nicholas Tse often surprises Cecilia Cheung. Recently, the Hong Kong Film Awards announced the shortlist, and Nicholas Tse was nominated for "Best Actor" for the first time for his performance in "The Informant". His acting skills have been highly praised, and of course, Nicholas Tse is in a very good mood. And Valentine's Day is approaching, Nicholas Tse specially inserted a mysterious program for Cecilia Cheung, went to Central for dating and shopping, and randomly selected Valentine's Day gifts at famous stores. Nicholas Tse and Cecilia Cheung recently appeared at the Prince Edward Building in Central around 6pm and went to a famous store in the basement to purchase gifts. Nicholas Tse, wearing black clothes and black sunglasses, and Cecilia Cheung, wearing a unique hat, showed their love throughout the entire process. The staff of the famous store even closed the stairs leading to the store for the convenience of the two shopping, but they felt it was unnecessary, so they unsealed the stairs. The two of them strolled around the store, chatting and laughing with the staff, showing a friendly demeanor. After staying for about an hour, they left through the secret passage of the shop, and the driver took their loot and drove away. It is reported that Cecilia Cheung chose a pink handbag worth tens of thousands of yuan at a famous store and uploaded the gift on Weibo to share with her fans. On the day of their date, Cecilia Cheung also asked Nicholas Tse to go to another famous silver jewelry store in Central to buy Valentine's Day gifts as a return gift. However, Nicholas Tse did not find his favorite. Besides asking her husband to choose a gift, Cecilia Cheung also bought a gift to give to her mother as a Valentine's Day gift. As for Valentine's Day on February 14th, can Nicholas Tse and Cecilia Cheung, who are busy with work, spend time together? Ms. Zhou, the agent of Cecilia Cheung, responded, "Cecilia Cheung will take a break until mid February, but it is not yet known whether she will resume work after February 14th
Image: Camel color exploding red? How should Asians wear camel colors when going out on the street? Introduction: If you haven't worn any camel colored coats, suits, sweaters, or pants in 2010, you can take a makeup class next spring. In 2010, camel color changed from a classic color to a trendy color, and this trend will continue at least until next spring and summer. Next autumn and winter? We will know after the fashion week is over in half a month. Why did camel suddenly become a trendy color? In 2009, C é line's new creative director handed over her first collection since taking office - the 2010 early spring collection, which featured well cut camel colored coats, suits, and skirts. Classic clothing has always been present, and through her organization and new definition, it has led a wave of new trends. What kind of camel colored items should Asians choose? A jacket with a stiff and slim silhouette will be suitable for more people. Camel colored pants and skirts are also good choices, but it's best to pair them with high heels. Try not to wear low waisted clothing. What color is the best to match camel colored clothes? Orange and red have a youthful feel, while the original colors of cowhide, white, and black are safer, but not easy to stand out. The simplest idea is to wear clothes in basic color schemes, but pair them with brightly colored handbags or high heels. Obviously, the combination in Figure 1 requires higher standards from the wearer, while the color scheme in Figure 8 is more suitable for Asians to imitate. New York street photography in November, you can also learn by removing your headscarf. At Paris Fashion Week in March, Carine Roitfeld, the editor in chief of the French version of Vogue, ordered the wearer to be extremely fashionable with her outstanding boots. Last September, Stella McCartney's coat had a great sense of design, and only needed to be paired with a basic base, but it required a pair of stylish shoes.
Group photo: Zhang Yuqi, a large woman with a wide top and narrow bottom, dressing style. Introduction: Zhang Yuqi got married sweetly and has recently appeared frequently with her husband, improving her matching skills significantly. Little did they know that the dressing taste of the "big girls" in the past was really not commendable, but as long as they grasped the rules of dressing with a wide top and a narrow bottom, big girls could also have spring. The combination of denim hot pants and a pink orange denim jacket, with a wide top and narrow bottom, makes Zhang Yuqi look much slimmer. The simple navy blue dress is meticulously crafted in every detail, with a chest fold design that accentuates the chest and a waist design that accentuates the waistline. The towering shoulders are perfect for larger women. A handsome and neat military style, with a white studded top and brown pants. White adds an expansive effect to the color, making the overall effect more coordinated.
Group photo: Falling in love at first sight, An Yixuan demonstrates a fresh and elegant spring outfit. Introduction: On a bright spring day, a fresh and elegant outfit is deeply loved and admired by boys. How to wear a fresh and pleasant spring outfit? Let the elegant beauty An Yixuan demonstrate for you, with a natural and fresh outfit like bathing in spring breeze, slightly sweet and elegant, giving people a comfortable and pure beauty feeling, making them fall in love at first sight. The gray bat sleeve long T-shirt, paired with a matching long scarf in the same color scheme, and simply added with black leggings, exudes a natural and elegant temperament, creating a fresh and relaxed feeling for a girl with a natural temperament. The white chiffon dress, with its unique cutting design, perfectly showcases the elegant temperament of An Yixuan, pure and elegant, fresh and charming. The gray knitted dress features a low neck design with a drooping feel, revealing a white lining to create a sense of layering. With the embellishment of a color blocked scarf, it is a casual outfit that is comfortable and highlights a fresh temperament. The neat curly hair and sparkling big eyes make it very well behaved and charming.
Photos: 9 sets of perfect matches, pink and stylish peach blossom luck UP Introduction: Are you single on Valentine's Day? Let's take a look at 9 sets of pink and tender combinations to make your peach blossom luck up!
Picture: Little Black Skirt Battle, Bai Zhi Lantern Wearing Jialing's Back Scenery Introduction: The position of Little Black Skirt as the leader of the fashion industry has never been shaken. At a recent fashion brand event, actresses such as Carina Lau and Cecilia Cheung coincidentally wore small black dresses, like a stunning black dress competition. Carina Lau's black strapless dress seems to reflect the lights of the scene, bringing out the color and vitality of the otherwise dull black. However, the MINI platinum bag in her hand and the endless scenery behind it are the highlights of the show. Cecilia Cheung's dress is like a black lantern, but the combination of a golden pearl necklace and this domineering eye makeup to conceal her pregnancy is really stylish. Introduction: The position of Little Black Dress as the leader in the fashion industry has never been shaken. At a recent fashion brand event, actresses such as Carina Lau and Cecilia Cheung coincidentally wore small black dresses, like a stunning black dress competition. Carina Lau's black strapless dress seems to reflect the lights of the scene, bringing out the color and vitality of the otherwise dull black. However, the MINI platinum bag in her hand and the endless scenery behind it are the highlights of the show. Cecilia Cheung's dress is like a black lantern, but the combination of a golden pearl necklace and this domineering eye makeup to conceal her pregnancy is really stylish.
Photos: T-channel predicts the top ten fashion trends for spring and summer 2011. Introduction: With the arrival of the new year, spring is not far away. What should be added to the wardrobe for the spring and summer of 2011? Or which clothes under the box can be taken out and worn? Let's take a look at the top ten popular trends for early spring 2011 selected by international fashion media. They are a great reference for clothing placement. 1、 Blue youth fabric is a lightweight and soft plain weave fabric that looks similar to denim, but is softer and thinner, making it more suitable for making shirts, skirts, or comfortable fashion. In the early spring of 2011, many designers on the runway used blue youth fabric to showcase vibrant wide leg pants and long dresses. 2、 In the spring of 2011, the Color Cube was filled with beautiful and vibrant colors. Whether it was piecing together various contrasting color blocks on a piece of clothing or combining several different solid colors, it was not an exaggeration. Hurry up and pile up your beautiful color blocks. 3、 The understanding of Eastern style by European and American designers is often reflected in very direct Chinese style prints, or the silhouette of kimono and cheongsam. For us, there are too many clothes with Chinese style. Let's take a look at the wardrobe.
Group photo: Enchanting hip hugging skirt, perfect body shaping. Introduction: Sexy short skirt, flowing long skirt, each leading the trend for decades, it's time to let the charming hip hugging skirt show off! The slim fitting dress perfectly wraps around the curves of the hips, showcasing an indescribable figure. Wearing a relaxed T-shirt or an elegant shirt on top is very beautiful! The hip hugging skirt makes you look beautiful no matter how you wear it! A white shirt paired with a beige hip hugging skirt perfectly outlines a great figure and exudes a seductive aura. The hem of the small shirt casually tied a bow, highlighting the good waistline. A black and white striped off shoulder outfit paired with a pink hip hugging skirt creates a strong visual impact with contrasting colors. The design of the body should be very slim and the buttocks should be perky! A gray white patchwork body dress paired with a white owl patterned T-shirt combines Chic with elegant style, paired with a light blue suit for a stunning look. A white silk shirt paired with a floral patterned hip skirt exudes a fashionable and elegant vibe, showcasing the elegance of a socialite.
Photos: Creating a non bulky and fashionable feeling in the cold winter, with a perfect neutral style. Introduction: The trendy and handsome neutral style in Europe and America has attracted a large number of followers! And how to get rid of the bulky feeling this winter has become a problem for many people's matching. Choosing the right fashion pants can make your body proportions more perfect, and your entire look instantly fashionable~The editor has searched for the latest European and American street photos to see how fashion experts can create a sense of fashion in the cold winter. The combination of black and white is always the favorite of intelligent and capable OL, with classic straight leg pants that have remained unbeaten for thousands of years, and a black headscarf and red lips that stand out. Dressed in black, but mixed with clothing of different textures, fur always stays at the top of fashion, wide leg pants never give up, CHANEL 2.55 makes people want to be low-key. Oversize's oversized rabbit fur sweater cardigan is the new favorite of this season, with a fashionable earthy color and navy blue collision creating a lazy and casual feeling, and cropped pants revealing a wonderful little sexiness when worn in winter. Rose pink is always the most feminine color, paired with black high waisted shorts, making women sweet yet sexy,.
Picture: What is the popular "striped shirt" by Fan Bingbing and Fan Weiqi? Introduction: Is this striped dress familiar to you? Fan Weiqi and Fan Bingbing have both pursued it, and the colorful stripes add a touch of liveliness and jumping to the air. Striped shirts are probably among the top three "longevity" items in the fashion industry. Classic black and white stripes, retro inspired sea soul stripes, everyone's wardrobe will have N pieces: they are hung in the most prominent and easy to hold positions in the wardrobe, and are paired with different jackets and accessories every season. It is precisely because of its "longevity" that designers have had enough time and motivation to continuously upgrade and replace it from version 1.0, interpreting multiple branches and changing into different striped themes. For example, this season, the designers' idea is to create a street rainbow with colorful stripes, whether it's on a drizzling spring day or a sunny summer day. Colors are more colorful than rainbows. If simple black and white, blue and white stripes bring a fresh feeling due to their simple design, especially suitable for wearing in seasons like spring and summer, then the popular colored stripes this season add a touch of liveliness and jumping to the air. The promoter of this fluorescent stripe trend is undoubtedly this season, Prada, And Jil, Sander. At the 2011 spring/summer fashion show, both brands without exception used colorful striped designs as their main focus. However, Jil and Sander chose to use a minimalist style without any fancy elements to bring a striking visual effect, and the vertical stripes that run through their entire body cleverly elongate their body proportions; Prada, on the other hand, incorporates Baroque style into its colorful stripes, using evolved elements such as waistbands, folds, bows, etc. to bring retro elegance to life.
Photos: Exquisite lace lingerie, bringing you great New Year's luck. Introduction: With a joyful New Year, careful clothing matching can bring good luck. Even intimate lingerie can double your charm and become the best choice to attract the opposite sex. Are you ready to buy these cute and sexy lingerie? Wearing it on New Year's Day will definitely boost your honey luck! Every woman has her own passionate side, and this set of red underwear is the best choice to embody passion. It features leopard print edging, adding a touch of wildness to the fashion and making it extremely tempting. Black lace is definitely synonymous with sexiness, and the dark red color wrapped in black lace is thought-provoking and very tempting. Paired with a combination of dark red and black lace panties, it is incredibly sexy.
Group pictures: Fried Dough Twists sweaters "twist" out of the fashion girl flavor. Introduction: "Fried Dough Twists" sweaters have retro temperament, which is the best magic weapon to create the temperament of celebrities, making it difficult for the talents to leave. Fried Dough Twists sweater is noble and elegant with Leggings, smart and capable with duffel coat, gentle and cute with tulle skirt... The versatile style allows you to easily use casual "transformation"! A loose sweater paired with slim fitting narrow leg pants creates a slim and stylish look, while a snowflake sweater chain adds purity. The retro Fried Dough Twists sweater matches with the tulle skirt to create a gentle and cute temperament, which makes it more lazy in the warm afternoon. Black is soft and unobtrusive with milky white, Fried Dough Twists thin wool clothes show a jockey like handsome feeling, and lace up hats are super cute! The brick red sweater is like a treasure dug out of my mother's wardrobe, with a strong retro atmosphere, and paired with a knitted short skirt, it adds a feminine touch.
Group photo: "Laughing with the Knife" Zhang Yuqi is shedding her innocence, her dress revealing her scheming. Introduction: Zhang Yuqi, who has been rising steadily from a star girl, has a new work! In 'Dao Jian Xiao', the character changes from a plain and elegant appearance, with a gorgeous and captivating design that is reminiscent of Lin Qingxia's' Invincible Oriental 'style. Outside of the play, Zhang Yuqi's formal attire at the event was full of scheming. Zhang Yuqi plays the role of the courtesan "Sleeping Lady" in the TV series "Dao Jian Xiao". She wears heavy makeup and a sexy red outfit, exuding an extremely charming charm. A simple black dress with a U-shaped design on the chest, highlighting Zhang Yuqi's impressive figure! The bright red strapless dress, with a special design on the chest, adds a touch of nobility. A purple one shoulder dress with a pleated design at the waist, instantly upgrading the perfect proportion.
Group photo: Li Xiaoli's private server shows new spring mix and match styles. Introduction: The season of blooming flowers is a good time for travel. However, on the streets, how can we miss the image of the street photography queen "Li Xiaoli"? Creating a sense of layering is still the top priority for Li Xiaoli's outfit, using a Milanese style layering of two cardigans, which also looks trendy on the street. Scarves, hats, and other small items are also great helpers in creating a sense of hierarchy!
Photos: Youth is about to be colorful, Hasegawa Run Candy Look is coming. Introduction: After a whole winter of silence, the gray tone finally bids farewell. As the Chinese New Year approaches, Miss Hasegawa Run sweeps the eye with cute and sweet candy colors, boldly contrasting colors, playful grids, and joyful prints that can win unexpected attention whether it is a large-scale attempt or a small-scale embellishment!
Group photo: Early spring men's clothing street photo, fashion attitude related to "color". Introduction: Colorful clothing is definitely not exclusive to girls. Look at the international fashion brands at the 2011 autumn/winter Milan Fashion Week, who broke the dull pattern, welcomed the arrival of spring with vitality and "color", and this will also be the trend of men's clothing in 2011. What bag to carry in spring has become a question I have been pondering recently. In fact, a handbag with soft leather luster is the first choice, which matches well with woolen coats and can avoid the phenomenon of shoulder straps slipping due to thick clothing. Pinch it under your armpits a little colder, and put your hands directly into your pockets. But I haven't found a good-looking one yet... It's the ones in the man's hand that look very pleasing both horizontally and vertically. But do all stylish men like it? It seems unlikely, there may also be a sense of excess when held in the hand. The combination of patterned sweater, brown jacket, and blue pants exudes youthful energy. Adding a long scarf immediately made it fashionable. The color tone of the largest area on the scarf is basically the same as that of the jacket, so it doesn't look cumbersome. This trick can be learned immediately, saving money and being easy to use. If you also have this blue suit or coat, find a gentle camel or nude wool scarf. Nude colored objects make them appear more gentle and approachable. Obviously, everyone likes to wear black clothes in winter. Walking on the street, their heads are full of black and gray, reflecting various strange buildings with glass reflections, which can easily cause discomfort in their hearts. A scarf with intense and saturated colors, high visibility and not necessarily abrupt.
Photos: Tennis stars rival fashion, who competes on the battlefield? Introduction: The 2011 clay court season officially began, indicating that the tennis world will enter the peak season in the future. The clay court competition places extremely high demands on players' physical fitness, and the humid weather in Europe also means that players will spend more time on clothing selection, considering many aspects such as style, color, and fabric. The top seeded player Nadal, known as the "king of clay" in today's tennis world, naturally relies on clay matches as his source of confidence. However, Djokovic's outstanding performance this year is likely to become a source of pressure for him. On the other hand, the impact from Federer cannot be ignored. It's okay, the vibrant green gives people hope, and the combination of yellow and green looks refreshing. The second seeded player De Jovic, who is in excellent form, has not yet suffered a defeat this season, and his 24 game winning streak also confirms his maturity. The back-to-back victories over Federer and Nadal, whom he described as "the best in history," at Indian Wells also indicate that he is highly likely to strive for world number one, provided he crosses Nadal's barrier. He skipped Monte Carlo and closed training on the grounds of knee injury. His jersey looks a lot like that of his classmate Longma, is there any? The third seeded player Federer can clearly see from his match against Koherschleber that Fei Niu has found the rhythm and feel to hit the ball on clay. Fei Niu's attention to his attire during the competition is no less than his performance, which is also reasonable.
Group photo: The most beautiful stripper demonstrates the beauty of flat shoes. Introduction: "Striptease" Tita Wantis has completed a magnificent transformation from a porn star to a fashionable socialite. This Hollywood actress often appears on major fashion ceremonies and magazine covers. In fact, Tita Wantis University's major is historical fashion design, so she has a great taste for fashion. Now let's take a look with the camera at how this legendary actress beautifully paired flat shoes in early spring. The black windbreaker exudes a strong aura, paired with black lace up cropped pants and cloth shoes to add a casual and natural style. Curled edge fur neck trench coat is retro and charming, while leopard print flat shoes and backpacks also cater to the classical charm. Even the black umbrella around her waist made her look charming. The Hawaiian style dresses and straw hat backpacks are very fashionable, and the wedge shoes also have a retro and fashionable taste. Although wedge heels belong to the category of high heels, they feel as comfortable as flat shoes, and short women can give them a try. The polka dot dress is very grand, with a straw hat headpiece and flat leather boots adding a vintage texture. The white bra paired with studded navy blue wide leg pants is very bold and trendy, while the fish mouth flat shoes neutralize the overall exaggeration.
Photos: Sexy Car Models and Beasts Seductive Display of Sexy Underwear Introduction: Sexy Car Models and Beasts, whether as car show spokespersons or advertising for underwear, are so fascinating that they can be described as perfect models that are both "dynamic" and "static" sexy. Car model animal themed lingerie photos are full of temptation!
At the award ceremony, besides the focus on who receives the award, the competition among female stars is also the focal point of everyone's attention. Before this year's ceremony, let's take a look at the top 20 brightest actress dresses at the 67th Golden Globe Awards. 1. Drew Barrymore Dress Brand: Versace Handbag: Roger Vivier Earrings, Ring: Lorraine Schwartz Drew Barrymore, who won Best Actress in a Miniseries or Television Movie at the 67th Golden Globe Awards in 2010 for her role in the TV movie Grey Gardens, wore a Versace off shoulder nude dress that evening. This dress is adorned with a large amount of crystals on the shoulders and waist, forming a three-dimensional arch shape. 2. Jennifer Aniston Dress Brand: Valentino High Heels Sandals: Ferragamo Bracelets: Fred Leighton Jennifer Aniston wore a simple, tailored black dress on the Golden Globe red carpet, paired with her disheveled and natural long golden hair, which was very appropriate. 3. Sandra Bullock Dress Brand: Bottega, Veneta Handbag: Bottega Earrings: Lorraine Schwartz. Sandra Bullock, who was nominated for both drama and drama at last year's Golden Globe Awards, wore a purple chiffon dress from Bottega Veneta that night and held a vintage style handbag in her hand. Her overall outfit was very eye-catching. 4. Penelope Cruz dress brand: Giorgio, Armani, Prive earrings, bracelets: Chopard, with her superb acting skills in the film Nine, Penelope was shortlisted as the best female supporting role of the 2010 Golden Globe Awards film category. She wore a Hollywood classic dress on the red carpet, with teardrop shaped diamond earrings on her ears and a diamond bracelet from the same series on her hands.
Photos: Fujii Lina's same version, starting at 50% off. Online shopping collection. Introduction: Although she is only 163 centimeters tall, she has a perfect figure and a perfect face There are also small black moles on the left and right sides of the lips, accompanied by upturned corners of the mouth Her eyes are full of various styles, and she looks very charming and lovely. You must know it's Lina Fujii! As a representative of Japanese mixed race beauties, her sweet image can lead a generation of fashion trends. And it has always been regarded as a Japanese brand -2%, but in fact it is a Hong Kong clothing brand. The 2% design incorporates the youthful style of the East, from trendy to avant-garde, and uses the most fashionable colors of each season. Innovative and unique textile design combined with trendy accessories. This style is familiar to Lina Fujii. As the spokesperson for 2% of the image, sometimes transforming into a sexy little cutie, and sometimes transforming into a cold and seductive girl, it makes you feel like you are on the streets of Tokyo, dazzled. 2% in line with the high popularity of Lina Fujii, the online store also launches lingerie and clothing in the same style as Lina Fujii, allowing you to enjoy the same sweetness and sexiness as Lina Fujii, while also getting an absolute discount compared to the market price!!! The same sexy chiffon lace lingerie by Lina Fujii is a new perfect lover's lingerie with a sweet and sexy touch. The pink color and cute heart-shaped pattern exude a strong and charming sexy atmosphere. Are you ready to become a beauty who combines both internal and external cultivation? 2%, the market price of the same sexy chiffon lace lingerie by Lina Fujii is RMB 299; Online store discount price RMB: 19980%, wool, 20% synthetic fiber
Group photo: Turning sweaters into gold in winter, boldly matching to keep up with trends. Introduction: Everyone has sweaters, but how to make them a must-have item for fashionistas through clever matching? Its warmth, comfort, and strong feminine charm are irresistible. This season, whether it's a casual shopping outfit or a formal office outfit, you need to find a suitable sweater. However, the conventional sweater has long been worn out. Personalized tailoring and vintage prints need to be paired with bold combinations. Let's take a look at how fashionistas in the fashion capital turn ordinary sweaters into gold! Matching suggestion: The overall style belongs to a cute mix and match style, but the slightly bulky top and star black silk do not match well, giving a visual effect of being heavy on top and light on bottom. It is recommended to use dark straight leg pants with a woolen top. Matching suggestion: The length of the sweater jacket is just right, and it pairs well with the boots to elongate the body and create a rich sense of layering. Matching suggestion: The color combination of the blue sweater cardigan and the Sea Soul striped dress is very harmonious, and the choice of shoes and belts also corresponds. Matching suggestion: The outfit should be simple and not complicated. The sweater dress should slim down while giving a warm and soft feeling. You can try pairing it with high heels, boots, or colorful woolen socks. Matching suggestion: This Japanese style tassel cape sweater for MM, paired with boot pants and short leather boots, gives an overall youthful and personalized feel.
Photos: "Crazy Shoes" Create Fun Life with Shoes Introduction: In the TV series "Sex and the City", a pair of high heels can be equated with a good man. If you have to choose, first a pair of high heels worth $2000, and then it's a good man's turn. Sarah, who played the protagonist Carrie, said, "Only by standing on high heels can I see the real world." Almost everyone who loves fashion is also someone who loves shoes, so if you are tired of the "regular" shoes of the spring and summer of 2011, why not look at the "crazy shoes" designed by many artists! They blurred the boundary between fashion and art, making shoes a work of art that carries boundless creativity. Gum like heels, banana, puppy, female nude shaped high heels... full of humor and creativity. These artistically designed shoes are truly eye opening! Brazilian artists Kobi and Levi, known for their whimsical and whimsical nature, have designed a series of imaginative shoes. Since graduating from Bezalel School of Art and Design in 2001, Kobi has been working as a freelance artist in shoe design. The shoes he designs strive to imitate certain external forms or vivid scenes, finding motivation to make high heels from unrelated elements.
Group photo: 7 "Big One" jackets, creating a graceful early spring figure. Introduction: In order to prevent being too bulky in cold weather, beauty conscious women often refuse to wear seemingly heavy loose jackets. Little do they know that if loose jackets are paired properly, they can actually enhance their figure and show an elegant and generous aura. The coffee colored loose jacket paired with a white chiffon summer skirt exudes a charming rural atmosphere, while the red canvas shoes exude a youthful and energetic feeling. The furry pink loose collar jacket exudes a sweet and charming aura, while the bow and animal pattern mini skirt at the waist make you look very feminine. A simple collarless long suit paired with a one piece black dress is a very fashionable outfit nowadays. With just a thin waistband, it can bring out an overall atmospheric and elegant trend. How can a loose jacket in early spring be without the beautiful combination of gorgeous fur? The collar and cuffs are the golden "areas" for adding fur, making the whole garment look very strong and luxurious.
Photos: Street photo of female celebrities, snow shoes playing with new styles Introduction: In recent years, snow boots have become so popular that they are almost a pair of human feet. Although they may seem clumsy, they have multiple advantages such as warmth, comfort, and fashion. No wonder female celebrities make them a must-have item for winter. However, with the development of trends, the original basic styles of snow boots are obviously no longer able to meet the personality requirements of trendsetters. Therefore, various styles and ways of wearing snow boots have emerged. Let's take a look now! It will definitely bring you a lot of inspiration! Hayden Panettiere's snow boots not only feature a flared design, but also embellish the ankles with tassels that sway during walking, perfectly matching her ethnic style outfit. Elisabetta,Canalis， A cool neutral professional outfit can actually be paired with a pair of snow boots! The black slim design is simple and neat, and the color can also match the top, making her handsome without giving up comfort. Hilary, Duff seems to love snow boots very much, often wearing thin T-shirts to match thick snow boots, making it unclear whether she is hot or cold. After being decorated with milky white fur on the side, these light camel colored long snow boots have become much cuter than before and can also provide a visual stretching effect.
Group photo: Queen Faye Wong returns with a minimalist style and appears on the cover of "Fashion". Introduction: Queen Faye Wong returns with a strong style and appears on the cover of "Fashion". You may not like Faye Wong, but you cannot ignore her, otherwise you will be out; You don't need to know the awards that Faye Wong has won, because you can't count them at all. It's only natural for her to win any big prize; When she was in the music industry, her songs played in the streets and alleys. When she wasn't in the music industry, the streets and alleys talked about her in person; That year, she said she wanted to leave temporarily and left without looking back. This time, she didn't say she wanted to come back, but naturally started singing... To interpret Wang Fei, just remember one sentence: nothing is impossible.
Group photo: Trendy fashion icon, men's V-neck is sexier. Introduction: In the Tommy, Ton Milan Men's Fashion Week street photography special on Style.com, fashionable men from all over the world, regardless of age, love to wear V-neck knitwear inside suits or unbutton their shirts to show off the "artificial" V-neck style. V-neck has always been a magic weapon for women to showcase their sexy charm, but isn't it for men as well? As a fashion icon, John Galliano often appears with a deep V-neck or takes a walk on the runway in his personal style. Of course, he also enjoys incorporating this element into his own brand's men's clothing collection. On the spring and summer runway, whether it's knitwear in suits, T-shirts in short windbreakers, or thin vests, there are V-neck styles that still have the wild charm of the G-style, but are not frivolous. John Galliano wore a V-neck vest at the end of his show. Of course, V-neck is not as good as the "hooligan uniform" in my impression, , agnes,b。 The combination of a two tone collar knit and a one button suit creates a layered double V effect, youthful and elegant; Dior Homme's half sleeve narrow collar has a lower opening, giving it a strong masculine aura; Hermes' khaki V-neck top adds a touch of elegance and gentleness due to its soft material. Men who are confident in their body shape can follow the example of Dsquared2's fashion show, unbuttoning the shirt inside the suit a few more buttons to form a deep V posture, which is the most sexy and seductive.
Photos: Street Sexy Style, Megan Fox Sexy Street Shooting Introduction: Megan Fox, who is extremely sexy in the movies Transformers and Jennifer's Body, (Megan,Fox), It can also be very hot off screen! Recently, Megan Fox, (Megan,Fox), There has been a significant change in clothing, no longer just wearing sportswear that hides one's figure and temperament, but more choices of shorts, jeans, tight fitting T-shirts, and see through tops that highlight one's figure, bringing a sexy atmosphere that often amazes people. Today we have specially brought Megan Fox, (Megan,Fox), New and old Sexy street photography collection, let you who love this sexy girl watch it all at once!
Photos: Unveiling Sister Mai's Evergreen Strategy, at the age of 53, she still can't put down her panties and stockings. Introduction: Sister Mai (Madonna), who is already 53 years old this year, always maintains the most youthful state. There is a delicate beauty in both clothing and skin and body shape. In terms of dressing up, she never falls behind. In addition to creating various stage miracles, she is also a super spicy mom who always follows the footsteps of fashion and keeps up with the trend. The triangle hot pants trend she created back then is still circulating today, and even though she is 53 years old, she still likes stockings and triangle pants. The triangle hot pants trend she created back then is still circulating today, and even though she is 53 years old, she still likes stockings and triangle pants.
Photos: Live action version of "Gossip Girl", who has more style? Introduction: The two female leads of "Gossip Girl", Serena and Blair, are both set as wealthy Manhattan socialites in the drama. In real life, there are two New York celebrities who are considered to be the prototype of the sisters in the play. One is Olivia Palermo, who visited Shanghai in March; The other one is Lydia Hearst, please take a look at our relevant introduction this time. Born in 1986, the daughter of a real estate developer in Connecticut, with a net worth of millions. I grew up in the Upper East Side of New York, attended a prestigious school, participated in the TV show 'The Hills', signed with a modeling agency, and have a jewelry line under my name. All promotions are centered around the "New York socialite", and currently many fashion brands invite her to watch shows and participate in commercial activities during Fashion Week. Blair, the socialite in "Gossip Girl," is believed to have been created based on Olivia and Palermo. In January, attended the Ermenegildo Zegna fashion show in Milan. A suit, trousers, and high heels are her signature. In March, at the Mango2011 Spring/Summer fashion show in Shanghai, she chose a nude and floor length skirt with a belt.
Photos: Elegant mature women are well versed in the art of matching, dressing better than those born in the 1980s. Introduction: Just after the Spring Festival holiday, celebrities began to be busy again, attending various activities. Looking back at the star studded red carpet for a week, the editor cannot help but admire Jiang, who is still old and spicy. Older actresses like Zhao Yazhi, Wei Wei, and Yuan Li are well versed in the most popular matching techniques of the moment, and not a single element of fashion and beauty is left behind, shining brightly and surpassing the rising stars of the 80s generation. Zhao Yazhi, although she has some wrinkles on her face, maintains a proper figure and cleverly matches her attire, making her temperament irresistible, and it is completely impossible to see that she is a 57 year old woman. The blue lamb leather motorcycle outfit is very slim fitting, highlighting the shoulder lines. The white round neck undershirt highlights the bright texture of the skin. Without excessive jewelry decoration, the overall shape is clean and neat, which is great! Wei Wei, with her European style face, has been appearing frequently in recent times, and everyone is surprised to find that she is becoming more and more trendy! A military green suede long cotton jacket paired with a leopard print shirt, showcasing a wild personality. The black Japanese military uniform hat played the finishing touch. Xu Jinglei's biggest characteristic is her intelligence, and her calm temperament is even more pronounced against the backdrop of her black one-piece dress. The white patchwork suit collar perfectly embodies the characteristics of mixing and matching, bringing out the hippie charm of the 1980s. Jessica Alba, the hottest street photography queen, brings a stunning feeling with her extremely simple streetwear. The loose hem of the outer garment can effectively cover the slightly wider lines of the buttocks, paired with rugged metal accessories in Baroque style, which is eye-catching.
Group photo: Beauty reality show, shopping and creating fashionable Lady Gaga style. Introduction: Although she is born in 1985, as the host, He Shan's dressing style is very mature and full of various creativity. In He Shan's wardrobe, you will see various fashionable items: pilot style jackets, Lady, Gaga style cool cloaks and sunglasses, candy colored bags, and more, with diverse styles. Let's take a look at the fashion brand style DIY matching created by He Shan, who is good at shopping! Host He Shan. A Leo girl born in the 85s with a versatile and bold appearance, possessing a keen sense of fashion and a love for collecting trendy items from around the world. Dress Style: Bold and Diverse Dress Tone: Recently Favorite Black Favorite Brands: Coco, Chanel Favorite Designers: Chanel, LV, Balenciaga Favorite Stars: Cecilia Cheung, Lady, Gaga Favorite Items: Bags Favorite N STYLE85 Leo Girl He Shan, Favorite Fashion Idols: Coco, Chanel. For her, the highest level of dressing up is to be like Coco, with independent spirit, elegant temperament, and a powerful and impactful aura. Due to work reasons, He Shan usually hits short shots cleanly, such as a pilot jacket and a pair of boots. But this little girl's favorite is actually Lady Gaga's dressing style, she can wear whatever she wants, full of creativity and explosive power. Although it is impossible to try Lady Gaga's outfit in daily life, one can borrow some of her dressing tips: for example, adding Legging directly to a cape or longer top to make the legs look incredible. However, wearing Legging without pants also requires courage. Some people say that to see a woman, all you need to do is look at the bag she uses. A bag is just a skin bag, what you put in and what you pour out is the most authentic. He Shan is an absolute bag enthusiast. She likes to collect bags with various unique styles, such as LV bags with fluorescent tassels, which are her latest income treasures. A Balenciaga rivet bag is also a commonly used model recently. What if my mood is not good enough? Then use a candy colored bag, which can instantly brighten up a gloomy mood. Highlight: A very candy outfit, lemon yellow jacket with contrasting fluorescent powder shoes, and a bright blue tassel shoulder bag with a finishing touch. It's all in fluorescent candy color, but because the colors are well arranged, I don't feel like there are too many colors at all. Highlight: Cool female pilot appearance, pilot jacket with pilot cap, playful and neutral, and very warm. Highlight: A peach red cape with unique ethnic characteristics found on the border between Tajikistan and China, with bright colors and a trendy autumn and winter cape style, giving it a special New Year vibe. Highlight: The OL appearance with a touch of spiciness, the OL feeling of a blue shirt combined with the small sexy leopard print, can enhance the fashion level of the stereotypical OL image. Highlights: Super Lady from Europe, Gaga style cape, handmade beaded shoulder patches on the shoulders, and overall avant-garde design, perfect for attending some cool parties.
Photos: Comparing Who Has the Highest Clothing Q? Introduction: Many women aspire to have a model like perfect figure and want to become the most perfectly matched woman in terms of clothing. The perfect figure of a model seems to be a natural hanger, but do the glamorous models on the runway really know how to dress? Who has the highest clothing Q? Let's take a look together. Editor's comment from Lin Zhiling: The cute strapless style is very classical, with sequins and belt decorations highlighting the perfect waist. The fluffy skirt gives a delicate and curvaceous feeling, and the ultra short style fully showcases the beauty of the legs. Clothing Q Index: ★★★★★ Lin Zhiling Editor's Comment: The delicate colors give a very pure and elegant impression, the pleated style and the lightweight feeling of chiffon both give a charming impression, and the chest design also makes the upper circumference more perfect. Clothing Q index: ★★★★★★ Bai Xinhui Editor's review: The cute mix and match gives a girl's feeling, the pink matching is more perfect, sweet and delicate, the candy colored accessories are more gentle, the only drawback is that the pink stockings have a slightly swollen feeling. Clothing Q Index: ★★★★ Bai Xinhui Editor's Comment: The noble feeling of purple is very charming. Although it is not a revealing style, it is still very sexy and cute. The ultra short flower bud skirt style adds a cute image. Clothing Q Index: ★★★★ Chen Sixuan Editor's Comment: The light gold color is very elegant and noble, the tassel design adds a charming feeling, the ultra short style is more feminine, and the display of beautiful legs is also very sexy. Clothing Q index: ★★★★
Photos: High scoring celebrity street photo, Miller Balmer fur mix and match new creative introduction: Every winter, fur items are one of the popular fashion trends, luxurious and noble, with absolute fashion and warmth. The celebrity street photo demonstrates the creative mix and match of fur items! Star demonstration: Sienna Miller's fur decorations on the collar, shoulders, and cuffs bring a strong warmth without exaggeration, while the combination of wide brimmed hats and short boots exudes a free spirited Western cowboy style. Celebrity demonstration: Olivia Palermo's simple outfit exudes a luxurious taste due to the embellishment of fur elements. Celebrity demonstration: Diane Kruger's fur decoration on the collar emphasizes the matching feeling of the coat, combined with a shoulder bag, creating a fashionable retro style. Celebrity demonstration: Alessandra, Ambrosio's luxurious fur, simple white shirt, and the way the hem is tied add a few strands of casual sexiness to the outfit. Star demonstration: Sienna and Miller's lightweight shirt and shorts complement each other with a fur coat, while the handbag and high heels highlight the layering of the design.
Group photo: New Year red envelope falls in love with metal chain Introduction: At the beginning of the new year, "good luck" has once again been put on the agenda of white-collar workers. Besides clothing, bags have become the preferred shipping accessory as the easiest accessory to match with clothing. In fact, red envelopes have always been a symbol of joy and good luck. Many brands have launched a variety of bright and eye-catching red bags for the Spring Festival, Valentine's Day, or the just arrived spring and summer seasons. Different styles and designs make it easy for working women to find a suitable choice to match their lucky outfit, so that they can work together and prosper in the new year! The combination of red bags and clothing is not too taboo, and colliding with bright colored clothing or shoes is more youthful and energetic. Colorful colors have been the trend of spring and summer in recent years, and this year is no exception. Counting the accessory items launched by major brands, the presence of red bags is indispensable. The most popular color is chosen as bright red, which perfectly complements the trend of seductive red lips and is definitely the focus of body matching. In addition to regular red, red themed bags such as peach, pink, and dark red have also made their debut this spring and summer, becoming popular choices for opening red envelopes. This season's red bags generally follow the compact route, with simple and elegant designs. From casual shopping bags to formal office bags, from crossbody bags to handbags, evening wear bags, wallets, card bags, etc., everything is available. In order to highlight the luxurious feeling, this season's red bags all favor gold metal chains, making metal the best partner and making the bags look more exquisite, gorgeous, and noble. Considering the increasingly serious "big bag control" mentality among urban women, some brands have specifically launched large red envelopes, with designs emphasizing simplicity, usually presented in "all red" color, grand but not too flashy. Matching Guide: Contrasting Colors for a More Spring Feeling Zhang Ling (Styling Consultant) The red bag is a very eye-catching item that easily catches people's attention and brings a dazzling feeling, so many women regard it as a "good luck bag". There are not too many taboos in the combination of red bags and clothing. Red is the "big sister" in color, which can add vitality to monotonous colors such as black, white, and gray, and can also complement other colors in the same color scheme. It is difficult to be suppressed when it collides with other colorful colors, but can highlight its key effect. The most popular red envelope pairing method this year is color blocking between accessories, such as the color of a bag colliding with the color of shoes, belts, or scarves, which will give a more spring and summer feel and make people appear more energetic. If you want to appear more professional, it is best to choose a simple and attention to detail all red bag when wearing formal attire. Exquisite decorations on the buckle, handle, and other parts of the bag will make the overall image of the bag more professional and not make people feel old-fashioned. If you choose a red bag decorated with metal chains when shopping or attending a friend's gathering, it will be very eye-catching no matter what outfit you wear. Red evening bags decorated with patent leather or glossy finish are the first choice for parties and banquets, which can attract people's attention and add the finishing touch to the overall outfit!
Photos: What to wear to the music festival for dressing up or showing off? Introduction: Outdoor music festivals abroad have always been the birthplace of fashion trends, with celebrities, models, and fashion icons gathering together. Fashion designers also often seek design inspiration in street photography. Nowadays, there are also many music festivals in Shanghai. What do you wear there? Please take a look at the costumes of the celebrities at the Coachella Music Festival in California in mid April. The music festival is actually a legacy of the hippie movement in the 1960s, so ethnic costumes with a hippie feel will never go wrong. Victoria, Ya, Mi, Mi, Chao, model Alessandra, Ambrosio's cowboy boots, tassel scarves, and woven bracelets are typical ethnic style outfits. If you take off the scarf, she will be unremarkable all over. Outdoor music festivals abroad have always been the birthplace of fashion trends, with celebrities, models, and fashion icons gathering together. Fashion designers also often seek design inspiration in street photography. Nowadays, there are also many music festivals in Shanghai. What do you wear there? Please take a look at the costumes of the celebrities at the Coachella Music Festival in California in mid April. At the open-air grassland music festival, it is definitely not wrong for famous literary and artistic girl Arisan Zhong to wear a white cotton dress (the lace like one in the picture is even better). Whether it's a slim figure or a curvaceous figure, as long as you wear a white cotton jumpsuit, it will immediately create a sense of freshness, art, and innocence. It can be paired with grass, folk songs, beer, and sausages, it's the most wonderful thing. Korean actress Jamie Chung's outfit is quite formulaic, and you can find such a style in all the street photos labeled as "Vintaga" - striped shirts, high waisted floral shorts, thin soled hunting boots, straw hats, Ray Ban sunglasses, and the essential long shoulder bag for pretending to be a literary girl. Of course, gold slim vintage watches are also very fashionable. This kind of outfit can be easily found on H&M, Zara, and Taobao. If you want to participate in a local music festival in Shanghai, it's enough to handle it.
Group photo: Song Jia, who is popular for the Spring Festival Gala, wears one long coat in four different ways. Introduction: Nowadays, celebrities prefer to wear more than one coat, which saves on purchasing costs and more importantly, showcases their ability to mix and match. In the film, Xiao Song Jia interprets the combination of a leather jacket into four completely different styles, showcasing her unique and stylish style with strong matching skills. In the latest issue of "Red Show GRAZIA" magazine, Xiaosongjia paired a stylish and simple lambskin jacket with a leopard print slim fit skirt to make her look sexy. The addition of top hats and printed scarves immediately elevates fashion, evoking associations with Sherlock Holmes girls. Isn't it unique to pair a lambskin jacket with an inner skirt, a military jacket, and tight leggings? The addition of a bright pink waistband and high heels makes the entire picture bright and beautiful. The rolled up pants legs and the latest trendy Lei Feng hat make Xiao Songjia full of trendy style. Xiao Songjia creatively paired a small fur vest with a sheepskin jacket, decorating it with a leopard print scarf and a small waistband to create a star like look. A camouflage cloak with a strong sense of design, paired with colored framed sunglasses, can definitely become the focus of attention for passersby. And an orange BERKIN bag in the same color scheme as sunglasses is the highlight of the entire outfit. Xiao Songjia, who has always been known for her superb acting skills and guaranteed ratings, not only created a new culture of "flourishing women" with her performance in "The Bride" last year, but also took on multiple film and television dramas in 2010. Her diligence was recognized with the "Most Breakthrough Actor Award" in early 2011. The acting skills are becoming increasingly exquisite, and the fashion level is also rising. In addition to the meticulous and dazzling appearance on the red carpet, the grand style on street photography is also evident to all.
Group photo: Love hidden in shoes, seven pairs of shoes designed by genius Cai Kangyong. Introduction: Following the past example, the fashion industry always satisfies people's desire for beauty with a calm and unremarkable attitude. The new "CAI" series under the JCC brand is a luxurious shoe that balances taste and comfort. It was created by the genius Cai Kangyong, who has a keen sense of fashion. This time, Cai Kangyong has hidden love in his shoes! The "CAI" seven women's shoes contain seven romantic love stories, presenting the love stages that every woman will encounter. Cai Kangyong has designed shoes that are suitable for the mood of women at each stage, accompanied by Cai's love motto, creating a women's shoe revolution that is unbeatable by "shoes". Each shoe has hidden text symbols, hidden in the exquisite design of the shoes, adding a fun of searching for love to the wearer. Comfortable materials and intricate production techniques, coupled with highly creative designs, not only bring surprises, but also add diversity to matching. Seven women's shoes present diverse styles, meeting the needs of women in various occasions. The "CAI" series breaks away from traditional models and creates a new creative design for women's shoes.   Those who purchase this series of women's shoes during the event will also receive limited edition exquisite gifts as gifts. Search,&,found, Searching for love is bound to be a little painful, isn't it?... Because love is not just about happening, but also about enduring, enduring the impact of love, enduring the weight of love, and enduring the shining arrow of the love god. When the arrow stays in the heart, it is a brilliant badge; when the arrow is pulled out, it is a brilliant scar... However, whether it is a badge or a scar, your heart emits a light you have never seen before because of this arrow! "Hidden Text:" Search "/" Found "Location: Shoe Buckle Appearance: On the main buckle on the front, there are two design points on each side: asymmetrical heart-shaped and sword shaped buckles on both sides, internally called" Sword Heart Shoes ". Symbolic mood meaning: Shot by the sword of love, your search has yielded results! You're in love! Production features: 1) The fabric is made of exquisite calf leather. 2) The buckle is made of a new alloy material. The combination of a steel heart and a hanging feeling gives the overall buckle a rock and romantic feel. 3) The leather lining behind the heart increases the comfort of wearing. Pricing: RMB, 1988 Fly, Flying "Heart, there is no reason why it will definitely fly, unless that heart gradually gains wings because of love... Unless that heart encounters an unnamed wind blowing from somewhere... Hidden Text:" FLY "Location: Upper Appearance: Leather composition in the hollow position of the upper, fly Design Focus: Symbolic feather decoration, ankle high sandals symbolize mood Meaning: Dedicated to you in love, happy mood, happy flying... Production Features: 1) Fabric made of calf leather Pricing: RMB, 1788 Wind, me, true, love, Innocence "I heard that true love is like a hidden proverb, engraved at a certain corner of life... When your footsteps pass by, the proverb takes a breath, and true love will emerge in that moment, just as we were promised..." Hidden Text: "Love", "Me" Location: Shoe upper and right side (Find, me, ture, love) Appearance Method: Presented in computer embroidery Design Focus: Asymmetric shoe upper text, giving shoes a youthful feeling Symbolizing mood Meaning: In some corner of the world, will I always know where my love is? I want to find my own love! You feel like a young and innocent person, wanting to discover the footprints of love. You have many fantasies about love. The production features: 1) The fabric is washed cowhide, which is characterized by its softness and grinding effect. 2) The words on the shoe upper are computer embroidered. 3) The double-layer electroplating process is complicated and expensive, requiring multiple layers of electroplating. 4) The tires can prevent slipping and make the shoe look younger and more personalized. Pricing: RMB 1688 Love Hidden in Shoes, Seven pairs of shoes designed by genius Cai Kangyong I, see, Truth "Is there a quota for the tears that each pair of eyes is allowed to shed? Is there a quota for the truth that each pair of eyes is allowed to see? Is there a deadline for the mutual understanding that each love encounters? Is there a deadline for the sterile time that each love encounters?" Hidden Text: "I, SEE" Location: Front Leather Buckle Appearance Method: Embroidery Design Key: 194 rhinestones symbolizing tears flowing down are attached to the shoe surface, symbolizing emotions. Meaning: Truth is never wanted to be exposed, but ultimately... Love still shows cracks; Endless tears hang on the heartbroken face, as if it will never dry completely... Production features: 1) The fabric is composed of sheep suede and fish skin. 2) Each pair of shoes is handmade with 194 rhinestones. Due to the susceptibility of rhinestones to damage during the manufacturing process, their workmanship is complex. Pricing: RMB 2288
Photos: Vintage Control "Old Clothes and Shoes" Mix and Match Stylish Introduction: Although we are currently in the warm spring season with sunshine, Japan is still in the chilly early spring season. Various jackets such as suit jackets, motorcycle style leather jackets, windbreakers, etc. are still worn by Japanese trendsetters, and various uniquely printed stockings have become the most suitable items for this season. However, for Harajuku trendsetters who love antique shirts and vintage style matching, old vintage clothes are their best companions for playing with mix and match! Although we are currently in the warm spring season with sunshine here, Japan is still in the chilly early spring season. Various jackets such as suit jackets, motorcycle style leather jackets, windbreakers, etc. are still worn by Japanese trendsetters, and various uniquely printed stockings have become the most suitable items for this season. However, for Harajuku trendsetters who love antique shirts and vintage style matching, old vintage clothes are their best companions for playing with mix and match! The outfit is almost entirely red in color, with a white shirt and white canvas shoes complementing each other, bringing unexpected surprises. In addition, the shy smile of the girl and the girl's braided hair make it bright, eye-catching, sweet and cute. The light gray suit jacket comes from Bacca, the high waisted wide leg pants with rolled edges come from Leur, Logette, and the clog style thick soled high heels come from Jeffrey Campbell. It's really stylish and stylish to go out together like this~
Group photo: 3 slim leg pants to avoid the wrong outfit and show off thick legs. Introduction: Although not every girl has slender legs, clever matching can still make up for the lack of body shape. The key is whether you have put in the effort to match them. Today, let's summarize what kind of pants should not be worn to conceal leg fat! The wide striped pants, needless to say, have a visual effect of horizontal stretching that makes the legs thicker; Thin leg pants such as silver, white, and beige are best not to be paired on weekdays, as they have the same expansive visual effect and are too light in color, which can easily be worn out. Adding some lines to pants can make your legs look thinner, but complex curves may have the opposite effect. The contraction lines on the outer side of the legs and the calf can be chosen, but exaggerated patterns still need to be decided after trying them on. Thin leg pants need to match well with boots. It is still a color matching method with a stretching effect, which is very suitable for short girls. Pairing it with skinny pants and short boots of the same color scheme will make you look taller. Zhao Wei's recent elegant dressing and low-key style are very likable, but for some reason, she suddenly appeared in such a outfit. This stripe really adds to the chaos, widening the hips and shortening the legs. Even if paired with high-end boots, it cannot be saved.
Group photo: Unveiling private servers, sexy and sweet lifestyle combinations of magazine models. Introduction: Some Japanese clothing styles represented by "Xinwei" and "Ruili" have always been favored by young girls. Today, the editor of Boutique Network has specially collected some private server photos of Japanese magazine models for everyone to get closer to their lives! Huang Yilin is at the airport, dragging two big pink boxes! The Lei Feng hat is very warm, right? The suede ankle boots also look warm. The light pink and white colors complement Zixi's sweet outfit, and Youyi is really a furry lover! Cute outfit is perfect for her~Yili looks very stylish, and medium-sized clothing is perfect for her
Group photo: Gan Lulu leads a wrap around skirt as a "little waist essence" by her boyfriend's side. Introduction: The wrap around skirt tightly wraps around your body, making you a "little waist essence" walking beside your boyfriend, presenting a different light and mature temperament. Since the birth of the body hugging skirt in the 1970s, this buttonless and zippered dress, which only relies on two waistbands and is easy to wear and take off, has often been at the forefront of fashion. Some people have listed it together with Chanel's little black dress as one of the "Top 10 Fashion Inventions of the 20th Century". The editor will introduce you to several close fitting body hugging dresses. The V-neck can be adjusted according to the elasticity of the waistband, simple yet versatile - wear a suit or coat to work during the day, and go to social occasions after work. The derivative series of the classic wrap skirt STYLE is increasingly catering to the tricky market taste.
Photos: Secret Garden, Hyun Bin Ha Ji won Couple Dress Ignites Valentine's Day Introduction: The Korean drama "Secret Garden" was very popular once it was broadcasted, but after it was aired, the warmth still lingered, even many girls who don't usually watch Korean dramas followed the trend and chased after it again and again! The costumes of the male and female protagonists, Xuan Bin and He Zhiyuan, in the drama are also highly praised by everyone, including the characters played by Jin Shalang and Liu Renna who frequently change their costumes. Here we mainly collect the clothing combinations of Xuanbin and Hezhiyuan that appeared together in the secret garden, as well as the personal style combinations of female celebrities, all of which are very practical and beautiful, igniting this Valentine's Day in 2011 for you!
Associations suspected of tax evasion will have their pre tax deduction qualifications for donations revoked. On August 19th, the website of the Ministry of Civil Affairs released the Guidelines for the Pre tax Deduction Qualification Recognition of Public Welfare Donations by Social Organizations (hereinafter referred to as the "Guidelines"), which clearly stipulate the application conditions, review procedures, and qualification recognition for social organizations applying for pre tax deduction qualifications for public welfare donations. Social organizations that engage in tax evasion or provide convenience for others to evade taxes will have their pre tax deduction qualifications revoked. The Guidelines stipulate that social organizations applying for pre tax deduction qualifications for public welfare donations shall meet the following conditions: meet the conditions stipulated in Article 52 (1) to (8) of the Implementation Regulations of the Enterprise Income Tax Law; Registered with the civil affairs department in accordance with the law for more than 3 years, with net assets not less than the registered amount of activity funds, no administrative penalties imposed within the 3 years prior to the application, passing the annual inspection for 2 consecutive years prior to the application, or passing the annual inspection for the most recent year with a social organization evaluation level of 3A or above (including 3A), the expenditure on public welfare activities for each of the 3 consecutive years prior to the application shall not be less than 70% of the total income of the previous year and 50% of the total expenditure of the current year. According to the Guidelines, social organizations that have obtained the qualification for pre tax deduction of public welfare donations should provide special explanations on their donation acceptance and public welfare activity expenditures in their annual work reports when participating in annual inspections. At the same time, they should submit audit reports on their financial statements and public welfare activity expenditure details. For social organizations that have obtained the qualification for pre tax deduction of public welfare donations, the registration management authority shall conduct inspections in accordance with relevant regulations during the annual inspection, with a focus on checking the expenditure of public welfare activities. According to the Guidelines, social organizations that have already obtained the qualification for pre tax deduction of public welfare donations shall have their pre tax deduction qualification for public welfare donations cancelled if they have any of the following circumstances: first, they fail the annual inspection or have a social organization evaluation grade lower than 3A in the latest evaluation; second, they engage in fraudulent behavior when applying for pre tax deduction qualification for public welfare donations; third, they engage in tax evasion or provide convenience for others to evade taxes; fourth, they engage in activities that violate the articles of association, or use donated funds for expenses other than those specified in the articles of association; fifth, they are subject to administrative penalties. It is reported that on December 31, 2008, the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation, and the Ministry of Civil Affairs jointly issued a notice on issues related to pre tax deduction of public welfare donations, which stipulated that eligible social organizations could apply for pre tax deduction qualifications for public welfare donations.
Including public funds for rural primary and secondary schools in the scope of public financial security is an important part of the reform of the funding guarantee mechanism for rural compulsory education. It is reported that this reform was implemented in 2006 and the level of public funding subsidies for rural primary and secondary schools is continuously increased every year. In addition to the spring semester public fund subsidy funds already issued in February, the central government allocated a total of 35.69 billion yuan in public fund subsidies for rural primary and secondary schools in 2009. The Ministry of Finance stated that in 2009, the public funds for primary and secondary school students in rural compulsory education had reached the benchmark quota standard issued by the central government. After the public funds meet the standard, the conditions for running rural primary and secondary schools will be greatly improved, which is conducive to promoting the continuous improvement of the quality of compulsory education in rural areas.
The estimated number of deaths in Taiwan due to Typhoon Morakot is over 500. Xinhua News Agency, Taipei, August 14th. The latest estimate from Taiwan authorities is that the number of deaths in Xiaolin Village, Jiaxian Township, Kaohsiung County, which was devastated by Typhoon Morakot, is about 380. In addition, more than 120 deaths have been previously recorded, and the estimated number of deaths in Taiwan in this typhoon disaster has exceeded 500. The wind disaster has left over 7000 people homeless in Taiwan, resulting in property losses exceeding NT $50 billion, with agricultural losses exceeding NT $10.6 billion. On the morning of the 14th, Taiwanese leader Ma Ying jeou held a meeting with senior officials from the Kuomintang and military to discuss disaster relief measures. Ma Ying jeou said that the severity of the typhoon disaster has exceeded the "87 Flood" 50 years ago, and it is necessary to mobilize the whole society to do a good job in disaster relief, resettlement, and reconstruction, and assist the victims in restoring normal lives.
Cui Taifu welcomes Luo Shugang and his delegation to visit North Korea. He said that this visit will further promote the traditional friendly relations between the two parties, the two countries and the two peoples. Cui Taifu said that the friendly cooperation between North Korea and China has maintained a good development momentum under the care of the top leaders of both parties.   I believe that with the joint efforts of both sides, the exchange activities of the Friendship Year will be more diverse and fruitful. He wished the Chinese people greater success in promoting economic development and building a harmonious society. Luo Shugang stated that this year marks the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and North Korea, as well as the "China North Korea Friendship Year". With the high attention and deep concern of the top leaders of the two parties and countries, various exchanges and celebration activities have progressed smoothly, fully demonstrating the vitality and vigor of the traditional friendship between China and North Korea.   China is willing to work together with North Korea to continuously promote the development of friendly and cooperative relations between China and North Korea. He wished the North Korean people new progress in socialist construction under the leadership of General Secretary Kim Jong il and the Workers' Party of Korea. The friendly delegation of the Communist Party of China arrived in Pyongyang on the 3rd to begin its visit to North Korea.
The 46 year old driver who suffered minor injuries in the incident has been arrested by the police on suspicion of dangerous driving leading to the death of others. The police are currently investigating the cause of the car accident. The representative of the airport ground handling company stated that the three deceased were all company employees, belonging to the cargo, aircraft and bus departments respectively. The incident occurred at around 4:11 am. The tourist bus involved in the accident was carrying 28 overnight shift workers out of Tsuen Wan. However, it crashed near Siu Ho Wan on the North Lantau Highway heading towards Kowloon and collided with Shek O Wan? Immediately overturned and pressed down on multiple passengers. (Li Haiyuan)
As of noon on the 5th, Taiwan has reported five new cases of cluster infections, with nearly a hundred people experiencing flu like symptoms. One of the cases occurred in a medical institution, which has made epidemic prevention personnel nervous even though it was not an in-hospital infection. At present, there have been at least 20 outbreaks of cluster infections in residential areas across Taiwan, with nine severe cases and one death. In just two or three weeks, the number of new flu cases in Taiwan has increased from an average of over a thousand per week to over four thousand, almost two or three times higher, indicating the rapid spread and high infectivity of the virus. Lin Ding, Deputy Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, explained that the infection data of 43000 people per week is based on the recent medical data from the Central Health Insurance Bureau. The computer uses mathematical models to calculate the number of pneumonia and flu like patients who go to the outpatient or emergency room for treatment, and estimates the number of new flu patients in the island each week. Lin Ding emphasized that with the increase of cluster infection cases, it cannot be ruled out that the number of new flu patients will increase to 6000 or even 8000 per week. The public should not take it lightly. For the first time, a cluster of new influenza infections has occurred in a hospital on the island. Fortunately, preliminary investigations into the epidemic have found that the outbreak occurred in a research department rather than a ward or outpatient department, and it does not appear to be an in-hospital infection. The relevant departments ask the public not to worry. If they get sick, they should still go to the hospital for treatment, but they must wear masks. Taiwan's "Director of Health" Ye Jinchuan formally submitted his resignation on the 3rd of this month, preparing for the election of the head of Hualien County at the end of the year. His resignation will take effect on the 6th. However, Ye Jinchuan still went to Hong Kong as scheduled on the 4th to attend the International H1N1 influenza conference. As for the manufacturing and safety of the influenza A vaccine, Ye Jinchuan chooses to support it and also wants the Taiwanese people to rest assured.   On the fourth day, Yang Zhiliang, who was appointed as the "director", also appeared at the "Department of Health". He said that Taiwan's epidemic prevention is not inferior to other places, but there is still room for improvement. For antiviral drugs and vaccines, they should be treated as insurance, and it is better to overdose than not enough. Experts will be invited to study again. (End)
Zheng Hong said that the basic drug system implemented in various regions includes the implementation of provincial-level centralized online open bidding and procurement, unified distribution, full provision and use of basic drugs, and zero margin sales. All basic drugs are included in the reimbursement catalog of basic medical insurance drugs, and the reimbursement ratio is significantly higher than that of non basic drugs. Zheng Hong revealed that in the future, relevant supporting policies for improving the system of essential drugs will be gradually introduced, including the "Several Opinions on the Procurement and Distribution of National Essential Drugs", "Management Measures for the Use of Essential Drugs in Medical Institutions", "Quality Supervision and Management Measures for National Essential Drugs", as well as two technical documents, "Clinical Application Guidelines for National Essential Drugs" and "National Essential Drug Prescription Collection". Relevant departments will cooperate to formulate and publish the retail guidance prices for national essential drugs, and complete the adjustment of the basic medical insurance drug catalog. Zheng Hong finally stated that the initial establishment of the national essential drug system is a new system, and it is also the focus and difficulty of medical reform. Its establishment and improvement have a gradual process, which requires the full play of market mechanisms and the cooperation of multiple departments, as well as the full understanding, support, and participation of the whole society.  
In addition, on August 31st, there was a lot of discussion among police officers. Some people once again revealed that there were high-ranking officials abusing their power in the police district, and subordinates could no longer bear it, which led to the exposure of the shocking "mutiny" incident in the police force. It is reported that the assistant police civilian relations officer in the "second" position of the police civilian relations group in each police district has always been held by police station sergeants, but in the Tai Po police district, a new position has been created for senior inspectors, which raises suspicion that someone is tailor-made for female senior inspectors. Police officers revealed that female senior inspectors have a tough work style and often refuse to accept colleagues' opinions. Subordinates find it difficult to work together and therefore request a transfer. It is reported that before the outbreak of the "mutiny", the senior management of the police district had met with personnel requesting transfer, and everyone thought they would handle it impartially. However, some people emphasized that "if you want to leave, you can leave", which made subordinates feel that their superiors were biased. Afterwards, the performance evaluation of the transferred personnel was all negative comments. After reviewing the evaluation report, senior personnel of the New Territories North Police District also expressed doubts, believing that the sergeant level personnel were all senior and their work performance was not so poor. They are currently understanding the reasons behind this. According to informed sources, some senior police officers in the police district are also involved in abuse of power, often using the Sheung Shui Youth Police Call venue to hold large gatherings, and requiring first and second level workers in the police district to set up the venue. Public servants have become "servants", and workers dare not speak out in anger.
State Administration of Taxation: Double pay will no longer be subject to individual income tax separately based on monthly salary. In the future, when units pay employees "double pay" at the end of the year, the extra month's salary will be combined with the current month's salary to be subject to personal income tax. The State Administration of Taxation issued a notice yesterday on clarifying the implementation of several policies on personal income tax, abolishing the method of calculating individual income tax separately for the extra month's salary. In the "Reply of the State Administration of Taxation on Several Policy Issues Concerning Personal Income Tax" issued by the General Administration of Taxation in 2002, it was pointed out that the "double salary" obtained by individuals should be separately counted as one month's salary and wage income for personal income tax. In principle, no expenses shall be deducted for the above-mentioned "double salary" income, and the full amount shall be calculated and taxed as taxable income at the applicable tax rate. However, if the taxpayer's income from wages and salaries in the month of "double salary" is less than 800 yuan, the balance after deducting 800 yuan from the combined income of "double salary" and wages and salaries in the current month shall be used as taxable income to calculate and pay personal income tax. The General Administration of Taxation has abolished the tax calculation method of the "dual salary system" mentioned above in a new notice. In response, Liu Huan, Vice Dean of the School of Taxation at the Central University of Finance and Economics, stated that this means that the extra month's salary earned by an individual will be combined with the current month's salary and subject to personal income tax, rather than being separately taxed as one month's salary or wage income. Liu Huan believes that the new method has little impact on ordinary people, but for some high-income individuals, the tax rate applicable after the merger may be increased, such as from 10% to 15%, which may result in a slight increase in personal income tax. The transfer of divorce property can apply for tax exemption. The State Administration of Taxation issued a notice yesterday on clarifying the implementation of certain policies on personal income tax. The notice clearly states that for individuals transferring divorce property, dividing the property rights through divorce property is the disposal of jointly owned property by both spouses. Individuals who handle the transfer of property rights due to divorce are not subject to personal income tax. Property analysis, also known as property division, refers to the process by which co owners of property divide their joint assets according to certain standards through an agreement, and assign them to each co owner. Separation of property usually occurs during the process of dividing a large family or divorce between spouses. The notice also stated that the income obtained from the transfer of a divorced property by an individual is allowed to be subject to personal income tax at the prescribed tax rate after deducting the corresponding original value of the property and reasonable expenses; The corresponding original value of the property is the sum of the original value of the first purchase of the house and related taxes multiplied by the proportion of the transferor's ownership of the house. Individuals who transfer their divorced property and obtain income that meets the requirement of owning their only home for five years or more for personal use can apply for exemption from personal income tax. >Related reading: The State Administration of Taxation clarifies the implementation criteria for individual income tax and suspends the dual salary calculation tax law
In this "Interpretation", specific provisions have been made for the handling of disciplinary violations related to the establishment and use of "small vaults". The Interpretation consists of 12 articles, mainly including five aspects: firstly, it defines the meaning of "small treasury". 'Small treasury' refers to various funds that violate laws, regulations, and other relevant provisions and should be included in the accounting books of compliant units, including securities and the assets formed from them.   Article 78 of the Disciplinary Regulations stipulates that those who squander and waste public property, if the circumstances are relatively minor, shall be given a warning or a serious warning; Those with serious circumstances shall be subject to revocation of their party positions or probation within the party; Those with serious circumstances should be expelled from the party. In addition, the Interpretation stipulates that for the construction, renovation, expansion, or decoration of office buildings or training centers; Excessive distribution of bonuses and benefits; Reimbursement of expenses that should be borne by individuals and the act of privately dividing state-owned assets will also be punished in accordance with the corresponding provisions of the Disciplinary Regulations. For lenient or severe punishments, the "Interpretation" defines different situations: those who engage in fraudulent behavior, fail to investigate cases, resist inspections, refuse to correct, destroy evidence, spend money recklessly, retaliate against whistleblowers, and other behaviors in the governance of "small treasuries" should be dealt with severely. At the same time, it also stipulates the relevant policy boundaries for exemption, reduction, or lenient punishment. It should be noted that the "Interpretation" clearly stipulates that for those who establish "small treasuries" after the Central Office and the State Council Office issued the "Opinions on Deepening the Governance of Small treasuries" in April this year, the relevant responsible personnel shall be dismissed according to organizational procedures first, and then disciplinary responsibility shall be pursued based on the "Interpretation". News extension: Although the term "small" is used to refer to the "small treasury", its harm is enormous. It is reported that in the first half of 2006 alone, national audit institutions discovered 13 billion yuan in illegal petty cash reserves. The prominent feature of the "small treasury" is that it turns the big public into small public, and turns the small public into private division. This behavior itself is a form of corruption that is pure and easy to breed even greater corruption. In April today, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China, the Ministry of Supervision, the Ministry of Finance, and the National Audit Office jointly issued the "Implementation Measures", which will carry out a special governance of the "small treasury" nationwide this year, covering party and government organs and public institutions nationwide. The key inspection stage will be from early July to the end of October, and the rectification and implementation stage will be before the end of November. The Implementation Measures propose key inspection targets for "small treasuries", including departments and units with relatively concentrated enforcement powers; Departments and units closely related to the interests of the people, such as education, health, transportation, and civil affairs; Hotels, training centers, guesthouses, publishing houses, newspapers, magazines, and other units that have a subordinate relationship with party and government agencies and public institutions. The relevant explanatory documents released by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection today have greatly enhanced their pertinence and operability, which can better cooperate with the ongoing special governance work of the "small treasury", strengthen the supervision and restraint of power, and make the corrupt behavior of the small treasury have nowhere to hide.
Taiwanese media reported that there is a legal solution to the problem of Wu Shuzhen serving her sentence in prison. On September 3rd, Wu Shuzhen was involved in inciting her children to give false testimony and was sentenced to two years in prison by the Taipei court, with her sentence reduced to one year. Will she be imprisoned for long-term use of a wheelchair?   The article excerpt is as follows: Wu Shuzhen was involved in inciting her children to give false testimony and was sentenced to two years in prison by the Taipei District Court, reduced to one year. She can also appeal. But since she had already confessed to the crime during the court trial and expressed her willingness to receive the harshest punishment in court, it is generally expected that her chances of successfully changing the verdict on appeal are not high. Once the verdict is confirmed, will Jane be imprisoned to serve her sentence? Any defendant whose sentence is confirmed shall of course be imprisoned. But Wu Shuzhen's physical condition is special. She has been in a wheelchair for a long time and has postural hypotension. The diagnosis from National Taiwan University Hospital states that she is at risk of sudden death at any time; If she were to serve her sentence in a regular prison in the future, no institution would be able to take responsibility in case of any unforeseen circumstances. This is also the main reason why other members of the Bian family fearlessly shifted the blame onto Jane, because they calculated that even if Jane was sentenced to a heavy sentence, no prison would dare to detain her. But besides the crime of perjury, there are also four major corruption cases of the Chen family that will be sentenced soon. The crime she committed is very serious. If the court convicts her of a serious crime but does not require her to serve her sentence in prison, the judicial credibility will inevitably be lost, and it does not conform to the principles of social justice. It is easy to be criticized and the public's perception will not be good. So, how can we solve this problem? We need to comply with the requirements of social justice while also taking into account Jane's physical condition and human rights. Once her verdict is confirmed in the future, we can consider sending her to a large hospital and finding a solitary ward to serve as a "disease monitor". Medical staff will be available to take care of her at all times, and the entrance will be guarded by the law. If relatives, friends, and family members want to visit, they should follow the regulations for visiting in the prison. Article 11, Paragraph 1, Paragraph 4 of the Prison Administration Criminal Law explicitly states: "If the defendant is unable to live independently, she shall refuse to be imprisoned." Wu Shuzhen has been paralyzed in her lower body for many years, and she is indeed unable to live independently, which meets the aforementioned refusal to be imprisoned regulations. But the second item of the same article also stipulates: "Those who are refused to be imprisoned in the preceding paragraph shall be sent to a hospital, guardian, or other appropriate place by the prosecutor at his discretion." The practice of sending Jane to a solitary ward in a large hospital as a "disease monitor" has legal basis and can satisfactorily solve the problem of executing Jane's sentence. (Su Weirong)
According to the person in charge of the Ministry of Housing and Urban Rural Development, 30 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government (except the Xizang Autonomous Region) were examined. Three cities will be randomly sampled in each province, with one city at or above the prefecture level and one city at the county level, in addition to the provincial capital city. The inspection focuses on residential projects under construction, large-scale public building projects, and municipal bridge projects. Each province randomly checks 6 ongoing construction projects, including 3 residential projects, 2 public building projects, and 1 municipal bridge project. Among them, 3 projects were randomly inspected in provincial capital cities, 2 projects were randomly inspected in prefecture level cities, and 1 project was randomly inspected in county-level cities. The inspection mainly includes three items: first, the implementation of relevant laws, regulations, departmental rules, and normative documents in various regions, the conduct of engineering quality inspections or patrols, spot checks, the investigation and punishment of violations of national engineering quality regulations and mandatory technical standards, and the handling of engineering quality accidents and complaints. The second is the quality of engineering survey and design, the quality of foundation and main structural entities, as well as the construction quality of building energy-saving projects. The third is the implementation of mandatory technical standards for national engineering construction by responsible parties such as construction, survey, design, construction, and supervision, as well as relevant institutions such as construction drawing design document review, engineering quality inspection, project managers, chief supervising engineers, and other practitioners.
According to Xinhua News Agency, Ma Ying jeou's administrative team will undergo a two-stage restructuring. According to the United Daily News, the "88 Flood" dealt a heavy blow to Ma Ying jeou's administrative team, and Ma Liu plans to undergo a two-stage restructuring in early September and at the end of the year. It is reported that the senior management of the Blue Camp has recently made a low-key layout, targeting the recruitment of county and city mayors from the "Five Star Club", while Taoyuan County Magistrate Zhu Lilun and Hsinchu City Mayor Lin Zheng are expected to recruit them to the cabinet. In addition, Zhan Qixian, who is highly relied upon by Vincent Siew and has excellent professionalism, ability, and image, is the candidate for the first phase of the September restructuring of the fire brigade targeted by the senior management of the Blue Camp. It is understood that the September reshuffle of the "Cabinet" will prioritize the ability to coordinate and integrate, stay close to public opinion, and execute effectively. It is hoped that the "Cabinet members" will no longer give the impression of a "doctoral cabinet" or an "air-conditioned cabinet" to the outside world.
The Public Opinion Program interviewed 1000 people from August 25th to 30th? Min. It was found that the rise and fall of respondents' confidence indicators in the future of the country and Hong Kong were within the sampling error range: the former slightly increased by 1%, while the latter decreased by 1%. The positive ratios of all indices remain high. The survey also found that 48% of respondents expressed trust in the central government, which has not changed significantly compared to a similar survey conducted in June this year.
The provisions on speculation and the crime of speculation and profiteering have been removed from the law. According to Xinhua News Agency, a draft of the revised legal decision states: "Delete the provisions on 'speculation and profiteering' and 'speculation and profiteering crime' in the following laws and make modifications. On the 24th, the draft decision on amending some laws, which was submitted to the 10th meeting of the Standing Committee of the 11th National People's Congress for reconsideration, revised the provisions in China's current laws that obviously do not meet the requirements of the socialist market economy and social development. According to the provisions of the draft, the provisions related to "speculation and profiteering" and "crime of speculation and profiteering" in the "Metrology Law", "Wildlife Protection Law", "Railway Law", and "Tobacco Monopoly Law" have been deleted and revised. This means that the term 'speculation and profiteering' with a planned economy color will become a historical term and no longer appear in the existing laws of our country.
Zhou Wenzhong stated that in the 30 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and the United States, the relationship between the two countries has gone through an extraordinary journey. China US relations are at a new historical starting point, facing important development opportunities and enormous potential for cooperation in various fields.   Zhou Wenzhong: From a political perspective, China and the United States maintain close high-level exchanges. The leaders of the two countries have developed from a rare meeting in the past to multiple meetings and frequent phone calls and communications over the past year, playing an irreplaceable and unique role in promoting the healthy and stable development of China US relations.   More than 60 dialogue, consultation and cooperation mechanisms have been established between China and the United States, and strategic dialogue has emerged from scratch, providing an important platform for the two countries to enhance mutual trust and deepen cooperation. In July of this year, the first round of the China US Strategic and Economic Dialogue was successfully held in Washington, pushing China US relations to a new level. In the field of economy and trade, China and the United States have become each other's second largest trading partner. The bilateral trade volume has grown from 2.4 billion US dollars at the time of the establishment of diplomatic relations to more than 330 billion US dollars in 2008, an increase of more than 120 times in 30 years, bringing tangible benefits to the two peoples. The exchange and cooperation between China and the United States in education, culture, technology and other fields continue to expand, and both countries have benefited greatly from it. The increasingly close people to people exchanges between China and the United States have enhanced mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples. The coordination and cooperation between China and the United States in addressing global challenges such as the international financial crisis, climate change, terrorism, and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, as well as in dealing with international and regional issues such as the Korean Peninsula nuclear issue and the Iran nuclear issue, have been effective. The relationship between the two countries is becoming increasingly strategic and globally significant. Of course, due to different national conditions, development levels, and cultural traditions, there are various differences between China and the United States. But the common interests between the two countries come first, and the bilateral relationship pattern of "you in me, I in you" and the integration of interests is increasingly deepening. "Working together in times of difficulty" is becoming a common belief among people from all walks of life in both countries. Facts have proved and will continue to prove that strengthening China US relations is not only in the fundamental interests of the two peoples, but also conducive to peace, stability, development and prosperity in the Asia Pacific region and the world at large.   What are your views and expectations on the development of cooperation and exchanges between China and the United States in various aspects in the future?   The relationship between China and the United States has transformed from isolation and confrontation in the past to being a stakeholder and constructive collaborator today, making it one of the most important, vibrant, and promising bilateral relationships in the world today. Currently, the overall development of China US relations is maintaining a good momentum. We believe that in the face of a series of major and urgent issues in today's world, China and the United States have increasingly broad common interests and cooperation foundations. China US relations are at a new historical starting point, facing important development opportunities and enormous potential for cooperation in various fields. China is willing to work with the United States to earnestly implement the important consensus reached by the two heads of state and the results of the first round of the China US Strategic and Economic Dialogue, firmly grasp the right direction of bilateral relations, follow the principles of the three China US joint communiques, respect each other's core interests, strengthen dialogue, mutual trust and cooperation, properly handle differences and sensitive issues, promote the sustained, healthy and stable development of China US relations, and better benefit the two peoples and the people of the world. Reporter: Please focus on introducing the development and prospects of parliamentary exchanges and cooperation between China and the United States in recent years. Zhou Wenzhong: The exchange and cooperation between the legislative bodies of China and the United States are important components of China US relations. In recent years, with the joint efforts of both sides, the exchanges between the legislative bodies of the two countries have shown a good development trend. In summary, there are three main characteristics: firstly, frequent personnel exchanges between the legislative bodies of the two countries. With the deepening development of Sino US relations, there has been a continuous increase in personnel exchanges between the legislative bodies of both sides. It is particularly gratifying that Chairman Wu Bangguo is about to make an official friendly visit to the United States, which is a major event in Sino US relations and of great significance for promoting the development of Sino US relations. Secondly, the regular communication mechanism between the legislative bodies of the two countries has been consolidated and developed.     The third is to further expand the communication channels between the specialized committees of the legislative bodies of the two countries, enriching the connotation of parliamentary exchanges between the two countries. There are significant differences in social systems, ideologies, cultural backgrounds, and other aspects between China and the United States, and it is normal for both sides to have different views on certain issues. We are pleased to see that with the increasing exchanges between the two countries, there are more and more members of the US Congress advocating friendship with China. We believe that as long as both sides achieve mutual respect, seek common ground while reserving differences, and engage in equal dialogue, the relationship between the legislative bodies of the two countries will be further developed and play a greater role in enhancing mutual understanding between China and the United States and promoting the development of bilateral relations. (Washington, September 6th)>Related reading:
Although the Dalai Lama's visit is positioned as a "religious journey", Taiwanese media reported that Chen Chu will host a banquet at the Liantan Hall on September 2nd noon to entertain the Dalai Lama and his delegation, including DPP Chairperson Tsai Ing wen and DPP Southern County Mayors. The Dalai Lama arrived in Taiwan on the evening of the 29th and stayed in a top-level suite at the Liantan International Cultural and Educational Center in Kaohsiung. The hotel costs up to NT $10000 per night. (Luo Yuming), related reading: Dalai Lama's 12 year operation in Taiwan's stronghold has become his political and financial institution. Taiwanese people raise five-star red flags to protest Dalai Lama's visit (picture)
The Ministry of Public Security: The highest reward for reporting clues related to guns and explosives is 20000 yuan. Yesterday morning, the Ministry of Public Security announced the "Reward Standards for the Public to Report Illegal Crimes Related to Guns and Explosives". If the public reports clues related to guns and explosives and helps the police solve the case after investigation, they will receive different amounts of cash rewards from the public security organs, up to 20000 yuan. Yesterday morning, the Ministry of Public Security announced the situation of gun related cases since March this year. Liao Jinrong from the Criminal Investigation Bureau of the Ministry of Public Security emphasized that lethal simulation guns are legally considered firearms, and possessing them will be considered illegal possession of firearms. The public security organs will crack down on online sales and possession of simulation guns. Regarding the gun related websites that can be searched on the internet, the police have found that most gun trafficking websites engage in fraud under the pretext of selling firearms. In the actual implementation of trafficking, the police will comprehensively sort out the clues online, and crack down on them according to law after verification. False information will be reported to relevant departments for clearance and seizure. Yan Zhengbin, Deputy Director of the Public Security Administration Bureau of the Ministry of Public Security, introduced yesterday that in order to further mobilize the enthusiasm of the general public to participate in the special action of cracking down on explosives and seizing guns, the Ministry of Public Security has formulated new reward standards for reporting, and has allocated special funds to reward those who report and verify their actions. Upon verification, rewards will be promptly awarded to those who have made contributions to the report, and strict confidentiality will be maintained for the informant.   Reporting email: gabzbjq@163.com Report hotline: 66263051, 58186722.
As of 8:00 am on August 18th, 5602 cases of drunk driving were investigated and dealt with nationwide. According to the website of the Ministry of Public Security, as of 8:00 am on August 18th, a total of 5602 cases of drunk driving violations were investigated and dealt with nationwide, including 746 cases of drunk driving. Among them, on August 17th, a total of 311 cases of drunk driving violations were investigated and dealt with nationwide, which is close to the sum of the two days before the special rectification. Since the Ministry of Public Security deployed a special action to crack down on illegal behavior under the influence of alcohol, there has been a strong response from all sectors of society. The Ministry of Public Security has made it clear that in response to the harmfulness of drunk driving violations, strict investigation and punishment will be carried out during the special rectification period. After the special rectification is completed, it will not be relaxed and will be thoroughly investigated. It is understood that traffic management departments of public security organs in various regions have not only mobilized superior police forces to strictly investigate and punish, but also increased their publicity efforts, advocating that drivers consciously resist drunk driving illegal activities. Liaoning, Jiangsu, Chongqing, Hainan and other places have printed a large number of "Cherish Life, Refuse Drunk Driving - A Letter to Motor Vehicle Drivers in the Province", which are distributed to drivers at duty checkpoints, highways, major national and provincial road service areas, and toll stations. Yichang, Hubei Province compiled typical cases of drunk driving traffic accidents into a book and printed 35000 copies to distribute to drivers. In cities such as Baoding, Xingtai, and Langfang in Hebei Province, education, justice, transportation, and safety supervision departments jointly organized a theme promotion activity on "Cherish Life, Refuse Drunk Driving". Hunan has launched a special publicity campaign called "Ten Admonitions", advocating that every citizen should fulfill their social responsibility, remind and care for each other among family members, friends, colleagues, classmates, and fellow villagers, and achieve the goal of "not driving after drinking alcohol and not drinking while driving". Liaoning coordinates the catering and hotel industry association to encourage the catering industry to carry out activities to discourage drunk driving.
The suggestion is to fully leverage the driving role of society, actively explore the direct acquisition of non-state-owned public welfare forests created by various social entities, encourage social investment, donation sponsorship, forest adoption and naming, international cooperation and other forms of investment in engineering construction. The opinion points out that the ecological situation in the Three North regions (northwest, north, and northeast protective forest systems) is still severe, and it is the area with the most severe desertification and soil erosion in China. The area of desertified land in the Three North regions accounts for 85% of the national desertified land area, and the area of soil erosion accounts for 67% of the national soil erosion area. At present, the forest coverage rate in this region is far below the national average, and ecological disasters such as sandstorms and droughts occur frequently. The ecological environment is still very fragile, which not only threatens China's ecological security but also restricts economic and social development. The proposal aims to achieve a forest coverage rate of 12% in the Three North regions by 2020, effectively curb the expansion trend of desertified land, control soil erosion, and establish a number of regional protective forest systems. By 2050, the forest coverage rate will reach and stabilize at around 15%, striving to achieve a fundamental improvement in the ecological conditions of the Three North regions. The suggestion is to reasonably layout the construction of the protective forest system. According to the overall plan of the Three North Project, we should comprehensively consider the relationship with other ecological construction projects, scientifically arrange the construction of the Three North Project, ensure unified goals, form a joint force, and achieve maximum results. Accelerate the governance of key areas, legally designate closed and protected areas, and control the hazards of sandstorms and soil erosion from the source. The opinion states that it is necessary to adapt measures to local conditions, scientifically allocate forest and tree species, continuously improve the effectiveness of engineering construction, and establish an ecosystem with forest vegetation as the main body and a combination of forest and grass. Intensify efforts in promoting technology and providing services. A certain proportion of funds should be allocated for technological support in engineering construction. Adhere to the rule of law in forest management, severely crack down on illegal activities such as indiscriminate logging, hunting, deforestation, and illegal occupation of forest land, and consolidate the achievements of engineering construction. The opinion emphasizes the need to increase the scale of engineering construction investment, improve investment standards and structure, and establish a diversified long-term investment mechanism with government investment and social participation. Gradually increase central investment, prioritize and ensure the construction of key governance projects. Actively explore the direct acquisition of non-state-owned public welfare forests created by various social entities. Encourage social investment, donation sponsorship, forest adoption and naming, international cooperation and other forms of investment in engineering construction. Give full play to the driving role of society, adopt forms such as shareholding, cooperation, and contracting, and encourage and attract different economic sectors to participate in the construction of protective forests in accordance with the law. Suggestions are put forward to implement an ecological compensation mechanism. According to the principle of forest classification management, ecological public welfare forests created in engineering construction areas that meet the conditions will be included in the compensation scope of central and local forest ecological benefits. Strict governance responsibilities require economic entities engaged in mineral resource development and utilization activities in engineering construction areas to be responsible for ecological restoration and construction.
Hu Xiaoyi said that as the first important task of the new healthcare reform plan, new progress has been made in expanding the coverage of the basic medical security system in the first half of this year. The number of urban workers and residents participating in medical insurance has reached 336 million, and the number of people participating in the new rural cooperative medical scheme has reached 830 million, totaling over 1.16 billion people. The coverage of medical security continues to expand. While expanding coverage, the State Council has also decided to raise the level of medical security, requiring employees' medical insurance, urban residents' medical insurance, and new rural cooperative medical insurance to increase the maximum payment limit on the basis of the existing reimbursement ratio. The reimbursement ratio for hospitalization expenses will increase by an average of 5 percentage points compared to last year. Hu Xiaoyi stated that the national finance will significantly increase the subsidy level for urban residents' medical insurance and new rural cooperative medical insurance next year, so that more and more citizens can enjoy basic medical security, greatly alleviating the problems of difficult and expensive medical treatment.   This is another major policy that benefits farmers, following the cancellation of agricultural taxes, direct subsidies for agriculture, and the new rural cooperative medical system. Hu Xiaoyi, Deputy Minister of Human Resources and Social Security, said that the old farmer's insurance is mainly paid by farmers themselves, which is actually a self saving model. The biggest difference of the new rural insurance is the combination of individual contributions, collective subsidies, and government subsidies, with three financing channels. Especially when the central government provides subsidies to local governments, these subsidies are directly provided to farmers. Hu Xiaoyi explained that the old rural insurance mainly establishes accounts for farmers, while the new rural insurance is designed in two parts in terms of payment structure: one is the basic pension, and the other is the pension for personal accounts. The basic pension is fully guaranteed and paid by the national finance.     Hu Xiaoyi said that as the first important task of the new healthcare reform plan, new progress has been made in expanding the coverage of the basic medical security system in the first half of this year. The number of urban workers and residents participating in medical insurance has reached 336 million, and the number of people participating in the new rural cooperative medical scheme has reached 830 million, totaling over 1.16 billion people. The coverage of medical security continues to expand. While expanding coverage, the State Council has also decided to raise the level of medical security, requiring employees' medical insurance, urban residents' medical insurance, and new rural cooperative medical insurance to increase the maximum payment limit on the basis of the existing reimbursement ratio. The reimbursement ratio for hospitalization expenses will increase by an average of 5 percentage points compared to last year. Hu Xiaoyi stated that the national finance will significantly increase the subsidy level for urban residents' medical insurance and new rural cooperative medical insurance next year, so that more and more citizens can enjoy basic medical security, greatly alleviating the problems of difficult and expensive medical treatment.   This is another major policy that benefits farmers, following the cancellation of agricultural taxes, direct subsidies for agriculture, and the new rural cooperative medical system. Hu Xiaoyi, Deputy Minister of Human Resources and Social Security, said that the old farmer's insurance is mainly paid by farmers themselves, which is actually a self saving model. The biggest difference of the new rural insurance is the combination of individual contributions, collective subsidies, and government subsidies, with three financing channels. Especially when the central government provides subsidies to local governments, these subsidies are directly provided to farmers. Hu Xiaoyi explained that the old rural insurance mainly establishes accounts for farmers, while the new rural insurance is designed in two parts in terms of payment structure: one is the basic pension, and the other is the pension for personal accounts. The basic pension is fully guaranteed and paid by the national finance.   Shandong plans to include migrant workers in urban employee medical insurance. From July 1st, participating farmers in Xining City will enjoy new medical insurance compensation standards
On August 11th, Takajin Sumei led the members of the "Return My Ancestral Spirits Team" to suddenly enter the main hall of Yasukuni Shrine and launch the "Return My Ancestral Spirits" operation. This move marks the first time in history that Chinese groups have directly entered Yasukuni Shrine to petition and protest. The article is excerpted as follows: Gao Jinsu Mei, a "legislator" of Taiwan's ethnic minorities, has been leading the "Return Our Ancestral Spirits Team" composed of Taiwan's ethnic minorities in recent years, demanding that the Yasukuni Shrine in Japan stop joint worship and return the souls of the ancestors of the "Takasago Volunteer Team". On the morning of August 11th, Gao Jinsumei unexpectedly led nearly 50 members of the "Return Our Ancestral Spirits Team" of Taiwan's ethnic minorities to enter the main hall of Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo and launch the "Return Our Ancestral Spirits" operation. This move shocked and panicked Yasukuni Shrine, caught the police off guard, and marked the first time in history that a Chinese group directly entered Yasukuni Shrine to petition and protest. At around 8am that morning, some Taiwanese media reporters stationed in Japan received a phone call from Secretary Gao Jinsumei, stating that they would go to Yasukuni Shrine to search for ancestral spirits.   At this moment, the two security guards of the shrine saw the situation was not good and quickly stepped forward to stop it, but they were unable to stop the crowded "Return My Ancestral Spirit Team".   Nearly thirty police officers who rushed over upon hearing the news and five staff members who rushed out of the shrine attempted to stop and drive away Takajin Sumei and others, and there was a physical altercation between the two sides at one point. The Japanese police did not dare to resort to violence due to the presence of journalists, so they urgently mobilized a mobile team holding shields to provide reinforcements. During the short period of standoff between the two sides, Takajin Sumei led her team to sing the "Requiem Song" in front of the main hall, and then voluntarily withdrew from Yasukuni Shrine and left by car. Afterwards, the Japanese police dispatched four police cars to follow and watched as Takajin Sumei and others boarded a plane and left Narita Airport.       Only by removing the spirit tablets of our ancestors from Yasukuni Shrine can their souls find peace. But according to Yasukuni Shrine, there is no enshrined spirit bone in the shrine, only a register of the deceased, unless a page of the register is torn off and returned to Takajin Sumei. Takajin Sumei led the "Return My Ancestral Spirit Team" to Japan on August 7th to participate in a series of anti Yasukuni Shrine activities.       Therefore, this time we can only 'play against the rules'. The Japanese police have taken strong security measures against the actions of Gao Jinsu Mei and her group in Japan. Just considering that the 11th was his return day to Taiwan, he withdrew his original guard force, but unexpectedly was caught off guard by Gao Jinsumei. The Japanese police originally planned to file an investigation on the grounds of "unauthorized entry into private territory" and "forced refusal to retreat", but considering the difficulty of evidence collection, especially in order to avoid adding fuel to the fire on the Yasukuni Shrine issue and triggering stronger backlash from the Chinese community in the three regions across the Taiwan Strait, they decided on August 18th to abandon the pursuit of Gao Jinsu Mei and others. Although the police have adopted a cold treatment approach and left it unresolved, it cannot be ruled out that they will impose strict security measures on Gao Jinsu Mei and others when they arrive in the future, and may even refuse Gao Jinsu Mei's entry in the future. (Mao Feng)
The Education and Youth Bureau urges all residents in Australia to pay attention to personal hygiene and seek medical attention as soon as possible if they feel unwell. The Education and Youth Affairs Bureau and the Health Bureau will continue to closely contact and pay attention to the development of the epidemic, and decide whether schools will continue to operate, classes will be suspended, schools will be suspended, or all schools in Australia will be suspended according to the situation. However, there is currently no need for this.
The Civil Affairs Department of the Disaster Reduction Commission launched the fourth level response to the Sichuan flood, China News Network, August 30. In response to the severe rainstorm and flood disasters in Yibin, Luzhou and other places in Sichuan, the National Disaster Reduction Commission and the Ministry of Civil Affairs launched the national fourth level emergency response at 20:00 on the 29th, and sent a working group to the disaster area to guide and assist the local disaster relief work. From 20:00 on August 28 to 10:00 on August 29, rainstorm fell in Yibin, Luzhou and other places in Sichuan Province, triggering multiple debris flows and landslides, causing 97 townships in 15 counties (districts) to be affected to varying degrees. Among them, Changning County and some towns in Yibin City were flooded with water, water supply, power supply and communication were interrupted, bridges and roads in some townships were damaged, and traffic was interrupted. As of 19:30 on the 29th, there were over 700000 people affected by the disaster in the province, with 5 deaths and 4 missing due to the disaster, and over 118000 people urgently evacuated; More than 5900 collapsed houses.
This is Hao Baicun's first visit to Beijing. He arrived in Beijing on China Airlines flight CI, 9781. After landing, the mainland military will pick up the plane and arrange all travel arrangements.   According to reports, although Hao Baicun's visit was for Huang Junbi's art exhibition, his interactions with Chinese military personnel, as he had previously served as Taiwan's "Minister of National Defense" and "Chief of Staff," have significant symbolic value. Hao Baicun's trip is very low-key and positioned as a private trip. He will meet with Chen Yunlin, the chairman of the Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits, at the opening ceremony. Should he deal with Huang Xiang, the youngest daughter of Huang Junbi? Invited to Beijing, on the afternoon of the 6th, we will visit the Prince Gong's Mansion and in the evening, we will admire Huang Xiang at the Grand Theater of the Prince Gong's Mansion? The hall performance (ticket play) arranged for him. Hao Baicun and Huang Xiang? Is it a 'forgotten friend', Huang Xiang? I have performed "Farewell My Concubine" with Hao in the past. To welcome Haobai Village, everything is ready in Beijing; However, Typhoon Morakot hit Taiwan, and relevant personnel are very concerned that it will affect the itinerary of Haobai Village. After leaving public office, Hao Baicun visited the mainland four times. The first time was in 1999, when he returned to his hometown in Yancheng, Jiangsu to visit relatives; The second time was in May 2000, when I returned to my hometown to sweep graves; The third time was to travel to Xi'an in September of the same year; The fourth time was in July 2001, when he led more than 20 retired generals to travel to Guilin. Huang Junbi is a master of ink painting, along with Zhang Daqian and Pu Xin? Same name. Two years ago, Huang Xiang, the chairman of the Huang Junbi Culture and Art Association? During his travels, he once held a 110th anniversary exhibition for Huang Junbi in Shenzhen.
China is participating in the international negotiations for the global climate change conference in Copenhagen, Denmark at the end of the year, hoping that developed countries can reduce emissions by 25% to 40% by 2020. In order to address climate change, China's 4 trillion yuan economic stimulus plan last year included 580 billion yuan for projects related to climate change and the development of a green economy. Premier serves as group leader, Time Weekly: What impact does global climate change have on China? Su Wei: China's ecological environment is relatively fragile, with severe soil erosion, making it the most vulnerable to the impact of climate change. The current forest coverage rate in China is 18.21%, which is only 62% of the world average. The wetland area is relatively small, and the grasslands are alpine grasslands and desertified grasslands. The coastline is relatively long. If the sea level rises, it will have a great impact on our coastal areas.   Water resources have also been affected to some extent, with an increase in heavy rainfall and worsening of flood disasters. Time Weekly: What are China's principles in dealing with global climate change? Su Wei: The first principle is to adhere to addressing climate change within the framework of sustainable development. The climate change caused by 200 years of industrialization is ultimately a problem brought about by development. On the other hand, to ultimately solve the problem of climate change, it also depends on development. The second principle is that climate change is mainly caused by the emission of large amounts of gases that affect the climate during the 200 year industrialization process of developed countries. Developed countries are still responsible for historical emissions: the current emissions of the United States are four or even five times that of us; Developed countries in Europe are also three to four times higher than ours, with relatively high per capita emissions and significant historical emissions, so they should bear the main responsibility for climate change issues.   In the process of developing the economy and eliminating poverty, China has also actively taken measures to mitigate climate change, which is our consistent position.     Last year, the leadership group decided to have the National Development and Reform Commission manage the country's efforts to address climate change.   In terms of price adjustment, the preferential electricity prices for high energy consuming enterprises will be cancelled, and incentive electricity prices will be implemented. In terms of finance, economic policies have been implemented to encourage energy consumption transformation and energy-saving and environmentally friendly vehicles. In terms of taxation, the export tax rebate rate for high energy consuming enterprises has been reduced, the income tax for corporate environmental protection projects has been reduced, the standards for resource taxes and fees have been raised, and eligible energy-saving and emission reducing enterprises are allowed to issue corporate bonds. Pressure and Challenge Times Weekly: Why was the work on climate change previously managed by the Meteorological Bureau and later handed over to the National Development and Reform Commission? Su Wei: The issue of climate change has undergone a process of understanding in our country, and the initial coordination work was carried out by the Meteorological Bureau to study the impact of climate change phenomena on China's economic and social development from a scientific perspective. In 1998, as people's awareness of climate change increased, the agency responsible for addressing climate change was transferred from the Meteorological Bureau to the National Development and Reform Commission. In 2007, the National Climate Response Group was established at a higher level, with Premier Wen Jiabao serving as the group leader. Time Weekly: What is the current status of achieving China's goal of reducing energy consumption per unit of GDP by about 20% during the 11th Five Year Plan period? Su Wei: Currently, the energy consumption per unit of GDP is gradually decreasing. During the first three years of the 11th Five Year Plan period, 10.8% has already been achieved. If we can achieve 5% annually in the next two years, the situation is very optimistic. The number for the first quarter of this year decreased by 2.89%, with a total decrease of 4.9% in the first half of the year. Next year, with investment and measures in energy conservation and emission reduction, the consumption reduction effect in the later period of the 11th Five Year Plan will gradually show, and it is believed that it may be closer to 20%, or even exceed 20%. If we can achieve the goal of around 20% by the end of the 11th Five Year Plan, it is equivalent to saving 600 million tons of standard coal and reducing 1.5 billion tons of carbon dioxide emissions. This is something that other countries cannot achieve. Developed countries are currently at a similar stage and cannot achieve it, even if they have completed industrialization. We have taken actions and measures such as phasing out small thermal power units, reducing greenhouse gas emissions, and will continue to do so in the coming years. Time Weekly: The Copenhagen Conference in Denmark at the end of this year will discuss global climate change issues. What is China's current attitude and how much emission reduction obligation do developed countries hope to undertake?   As long as everyone is sincere, it is possible to reach an agreement. Developed countries should reduce emissions by 25% to 40% by 2020, which is a figure in the negotiations. Whether they can ultimately meet such targets still needs further negotiation. (Reporter from Time Weekly, Zhang Zipeng)
The hospital stated that the patient received treatment with "Tamiflu", "LeGan Qing", and "antibiotics" during their hospitalization. The hospital stated that the deceased returned to Hong Kong from the mainland on August 24th of this year due to shortness of breath, fever, and cough. He immediately went to the emergency department of the North District Hospital for treatment and was later admitted to an isolation ward. The patient has a history of asthma, pneumonia, and heart disease. On August 25th, the patient was diagnosed with "H1N1 influenza". On the same day, the situation worsened and he was sent to the intensive care unit. The patient's condition has been critical since then and requires the use of respiratory equipment to assist with breathing. As of now, Hong Kong has reported its sixth death case involving the H1N1 influenza virus.   (End)
He emphasized the need to thoroughly implement the Scientific Outlook on Development, take pollution source surveys as an opportunity, pay more attention to protecting the environment and improving people's livelihoods, further strengthen environmental protection work, effectively solve prominent environmental pollution problems, promote sustainable economic and social development, and continuously improve people's living standards and quality. Li Keqiang pointed out that environmental protection is not only a development issue, but also a livelihood issue, and is a major issue related to the comprehensive construction of a moderately prosperous society. We must organically combine expanding domestic demand, maintaining growth, adjusting structure, and benefiting people's livelihoods, with a high sense of responsibility to the country and the people. We must firmly grasp environmental issues that are closely related to the interests of the people, and effectively increase prevention and control efforts. He emphasized the need for greater determination and effort to strengthen key pollution control, organize environmental problem investigations, concentrate on rectifying pollution in key areas and enterprises, strive to eliminate various environmental safety hazards, and safeguard the environmental rights and health of the people. Accelerating the pace of environmental infrastructure construction should be regarded as an important part of expanding domestic demand, comprehensively strengthening the construction of urban sewage treatment plants and supporting pipelines, enterprise pollution control facilities, environmental monitoring devices, etc., and continuously improving pollution control capabilities. Li Keqiang emphasized that to solve the pollution problem, we must not only do a good job in "treatment", but also pay attention to "prevention". We need to increase efforts in structural adjustment, promote industrial upgrading, eliminate outdated production capacity, vigorously develop circular economy, green economy, and environmental protection industries, maximize resource utilization efficiency, and minimize pollution emissions. He pointed out that pollution control must be strictly regulated in accordance with the law, and environmental law enforcement efforts must be further strengthened, incentive and restraint mechanisms for environmental protection should be improved, environmental responsibility and accountability systems should be implemented, and environmental management should be transformed from end of pipe supervision to comprehensive supervision, in order to build a resource-saving and environmentally friendly society. Li Keqiang said that the national survey of pollution sources is a major national investigation. We need to continue to do a good job in the census work, prepare for the development and application of census results, comprehensively grasp the new situation and characteristics of environmental pollution, accurately grasp the new changes and trends in environmental conditions, coordinate the relationship between economic development and environmental protection, explore new ideas, plan new measures, promote environmental protection work to a new level, and make new progress in ecological civilization construction. It is reported that the national pollution source survey was launched at the end of 2006 and has achieved phased results. The census targets four categories: industrial sources, agricultural sources, urban living sources, and centralized pollution control facilities. Members of the National Pollution Source Census Leading Group and relevant department heads attended the meeting. Minister of Environmental Protection Zhou Shengxian and others reported on the work of pollution source survey at the meeting.
Liu Peng said, "The Outline of the National Fitness Plan issued in 1995 has played a good role in promoting national fitness, but there is a lack of legal norms for national fitness. Therefore, the General Administration of Sport, together with relevant departments, drafted the National Fitness Regulations to provide legal protection for the long-term mechanism of national fitness." Liu Peng stated that he will further promote the development of national fitness by building sports facilities, supporting grassroots sports organizations, and organizing sports activities according to local characteristics. According to statistics, 21 provinces and cities in China, including Beijing, Hebei, Shanxi, Shanghai, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, and Sichuan, have successively issued local "National Fitness Regulations", determining a fixed time every year as the local "National Fitness Month" or "National Fitness Festival", and organizing various forms of national fitness activities.   On November 5th last year, the Legislative Affairs Office of the State Council released the "National Fitness Regulations (Draft for Comments)" on its official website, widely soliciting public opinions.   It is a great joy in the fitness life of people of all ethnic groups in the country, which will have a profound impact and play a huge role in further promoting the in-depth and sustainable development of national fitness activities. It is reported that various national fitness sports activities will be held across the country on August 8th this year. At the same time, public sports venues across the country will be basically open to the public for free. The Human Resources Center of the General Administration of Sport of China will work with nearly 100 fitness clubs across the country to carry out the "National Fitness Ten Thousand Mile Tour", bringing fitness activities into communities and the masses.
The Beijing Zhuhai Expressway, which was previously familiar to Macau residents, will be renamed as the Beijing Hong Kong Macau Expressway, with the code "G4", and will be implemented first. The person in charge of Guangdong Provincial Department of Transportation stated that due to the widespread phenomenon of confusion in naming, inconsistent numbering, and unclear signs of national highway network lines, as well as the similarity of abbreviated names in some areas, highways are prone to duplication of names and confusion with national and provincial highways, which is not conducive to the modern information system management of highways. This nationwide unified naming and numbering of highways will result in the cancellation of some well-known names such as "Jingzhu", "Guangshen", "Guangfo", etc. In the future, the original Beijing Zhuhai Expressway from Beijing to Hong Kong and Macau will be renamed as the Beijing Hong Kong Macau Expressway, with a total length of 2285 kilometers. The Guangdong section of the Beijing Zhuhai Expressway has been merged into the Beijing Hong Kong Macau Expressway, and the names Beijing Zhuhai North and Beijing Zhuhai South (Guangshao Expressway) of the Beijing Zhuhai Expressway in Guangdong will become history. The Guangzhou Shenzhen Expressway is divided into two parts. The section from Huocun Interchange to Huanggang Port in Shenzhen is included in the Beijing Hong Kong Macau Expressway, while the section from Guangn Interchange to Huocun Interchange is included in the Guangzhou branch of the Mianyang Haikou Expressway. The numbering and route letter identifiers of national highways are represented by the Chinese Pinyin "G"; The provincial highway route letter identifier is represented by the Chinese Pinyin "S". The number of the Beijing Hong Kong Macau Expressway is "G4", and the number of the Guangzhou Ring Expressway is "S81". The preliminary renaming plan for highways within Guangdong has been completed, and the transportation department will consider starting with the trial implementation of Beijing Zhuhai North and other areas. The replacement of signs is about to begin. The new highway will consider adopting new numbering and naming directly. At present, the time for replacing highway signs in Guangdong has not been determined, and it is expected that about 19000 road signs will be replaced. The current highway signs are made of aluminum alloy sheets and covered with high-strength reflective film, with a cost of nearly 2000 yuan per square meter. Therefore, replacing the signage in Guangdong alone requires 38 million yuan, and the national total is as high as 340 million yuan. Experts say that the unified national highway numbering system, which has already been implemented in some developed countries, is very advantageous for the future use of GPS navigation. However, many drivers have questioned that they were already confused when using Chinese characters for labeling, and now using numbers directly may make it easier to make mistakes. They suggested that in the initial stage of the change, the transportation department should provide drivers with a gradual process of getting to know each other, and some road sections should have both new and old road signs as reminders.
Taiwan plans to include the Chinese yuan in its foreign exchange reserve system. According to Xinhua News Agency, the head of Taiwan's administrative authorities, Liu Zhaoxuan, recently stated that given the unprecedented development of cross-strait relations, Taiwan can consider including the Chinese yuan in its foreign exchange reserve system. Liu Zhaoxuan also stated that there is currently no timetable.     According to the latest data from the Taiwan authorities, as of the end of July this year, Taiwan's foreign exchange reserves reached a record high of 321.094 billion US dollars. At present, Taiwan's foreign exchange reserves include gold, convertible foreign currencies, etc. About 60% of the held currencies are US dollars, 35% are euros and Japanese yen, and 5% are other currencies. According to Taiwanese media analysis, if Taiwan includes RMB assets in its foreign exchange reserves, it will have to wait until a currency clearing mechanism is established across the Taiwan Strait to ensure that Taiwan can obtain RMB and sell it back to the mainland in exchange for US dollars or New Taiwan Dollars. In April of this year, the leaders of the Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits (ARATS) and the Taiwan Straits Exchange Foundation (SEF) signed the "Cross Strait Financial Cooperation Agreement" during their third meeting. The agreement includes the agreement for appropriate institutions such as commercial banks to handle cash exchange, supply, and return business through appropriate means, and to cooperate in cash anti-counterfeiting technology to gradually establish a cross-strait currency clearing mechanism. >Related reading: Taiwan's foreign exchange reserves in March were 267.4 billion US dollars, 500 million less than February. Taiwan's foreign exchange reserves have reached over 250 billion US dollars, ranking third in the world. According to Xinhua News Agency, the head of Taiwan's administrative authorities, Liu Zhaoxuan, recently stated that given the unprecedented development of cross-strait relations, Taiwan can consider including the renminbi in its foreign exchange reserve system. Liu Zhaoxuan also stated that there is currently no timetable.     According to the latest data from the Taiwan authorities, as of the end of July this year, Taiwan's foreign exchange reserves reached a record high of 321.094 billion US dollars. At present, Taiwan's foreign exchange reserves include gold, convertible foreign currencies, etc. About 60% of the held currencies are US dollars, 35% are euros and Japanese yen, and 5% are other currencies. According to Taiwanese media analysis, if Taiwan includes RMB assets in its foreign exchange reserves, it will have to wait until a currency clearing mechanism is established across the Taiwan Strait to ensure that Taiwan can obtain RMB and sell it back to the mainland in exchange for US dollars or New Taiwan Dollars. In April of this year, the leaders of the Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits (ARATS) and the Taiwan Straits Exchange Foundation (SEF) signed the "Cross Strait Financial Cooperation Agreement" during their third meeting. The agreement includes the agreement for appropriate institutions such as commercial banks to handle cash exchange, supply, and return business through appropriate means, and to cooperate in cash anti-counterfeiting technology to gradually establish a cross-strait currency clearing mechanism. >Related reading: Taiwan's foreign exchange reserves in March were 267.4 billion US dollars, 500 million less than February. Taiwan's foreign exchange reserves have reached over 250 billion US dollars, ranking third in the world
It is reported that since late June, the northwest region of Liaoning Province has been experiencing continuous high temperatures and little rainfall, and some areas have suffered severe droughts. Among them, cities such as Chaoyang, Fuxin, Jinzhou, and Huludao have been severely affected, and some affected people have difficulty drinking water and food for humans and livestock.
Huntsman was nominated by US President Obama as Ambassador to China in May of this year.   (Global Online: Ding Qi)
On August 5th, the Ministry of Public Security held a training course for active duty discipline inspection and supervision cadres. According to the Ministry of Public Security, from July 28th to August 2nd, the Discipline Inspection Commission and the Political Department of the Ministry of Public Security held the first national training course for active duty discipline inspection and supervision cadres at the Armed Police Academy. Zhu Chunlin, member of the Party Committee, Secretary of the Discipline Inspection Commission, and Inspector General of the Ministry of Public Security, attended the opening ceremony and delivered a speech. Cai Anji, member of the Party Committee and Director of the Political Department of the Ministry, gave a special coaching report to the students. During the training period, relevant leaders from the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, the Central Military Commission Commission Commission for Discipline Inspection, and the supervision department of the Ministry of Public Security gave special lectures, and the provincial Public Security Department Commission for Discipline Inspection introduced their experience in carrying out disciplinary inspection and supervision work in the active duty police forces. At the end of the training, four student representatives made speeches at the conference, reporting their learning gains and experiences; The leaders of the Discipline Inspection Commission made a training summary, answered the questions and suggestions raised by the trainees one by one, and put forward requirements for the next step of work. This training course has rich learning content, compact course arrangement, diverse teaching forms, and strict and orderly management. Through systematic learning and training, the goal of improving ideological awareness, clarifying task requirements, clarifying work ideas, and enhancing work confidence has been achieved, which has played a positive role in further strengthening the anti-corruption and integrity construction of the active duty police forces. The newly appointed full-time deputy secretaries and disciplinary inspection and supervision cadres of the public security departments and bureaus of various provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities directly under the central government, as well as the disciplinary committee secretaries and disciplinary inspection department heads of the Border Defense Management Bureau, Fire Bureau, Security Bureau, Armed Police Academy, and Public Security Coast Guard Higher Vocational College of the Ministry of Public Security, participated in the training.
On August 23, the Taiwan Environmental Protection Department announced today that the indoor air quality monitoring of the first batch of modular houses in mainland China was not a problem, and formaldehyde was not detected. The total volatile organic compounds tested were below the recommended concentration under "ventilation" conditions. The Taiwan Environmental Protection Agency announced today the inspection results, which showed that formaldehyde and total volatile organic compounds met the standards in both "unventilated" and "ventilated" conditions. The public can rest assured that the same batch and material combination houses will no longer be inspected. Wang Bi, the director of the Environmental Inspection Department of the Environmental Protection Administration, stated that formaldehyde was "zero detected" in the test results, and the recommended TVOC monitoring value for indoor air quality was 3ppm for total volatile organic compounds under "no ventilation" conditions. Although the 1-hour test result was 11.3, ppm， But by the 16th hour, the measured value dropped to 3.4ppm; Under "ventilation" conditions, as of early this morning, the concentration values are below the recommended values. According to Wang Bi's analysis, after the volatile organic compounds in the building materials of the combination house spill into the room, there is still ventilation with the outside even when all doors and windows are closed, causing the concentration value to gradually decrease. It is estimated that it can be reduced to the recommended indoor air quality concentration within one day, and the components of TVOC are also harmless to the human body. Xie Yanru, the director of the Air Protection Department of Taiwan's Environmental Protection Agency, suggested that before moving in, the doors and windows should be opened for ventilation. After one day, you can move in with peace of mind; To have good indoor air quality, he emphasized the importance of maintaining good ventilation. The Environmental Protection Agency website also provides 50 plants that can improve indoor air quality for reference.
Wang Shengjun: Courts should start from the overall situation of the Party and the country when adjudicating cases. Xinhua News Agency, Nanjing, August 30th (Reporter Yang Weihan) - Wang Shengjun, the President of the Supreme People's Court, recently held a national symposium on the work of courts adjudicating major criminal cases in Nanjing. He called on people's courts at all levels across the country to further enhance their understanding of the importance of the work of adjudicating major criminal cases, effectively strengthen organizational leadership, and focus on the overall situation of the Party and the country, and do a good job in the trial of major criminal cases in accordance with the law. Wang Shengjun emphasized that under the current situation, people's courts at all levels must enhance their awareness of political power, crisis awareness, and responsibility. From the perspective of safeguarding national security, consolidating state power, and ensuring social stability, they must effectively enhance their sense of responsibility and mission to do a good job in the trial of major criminal cases, and solidly grasp and do a good job in all aspects of work. Wang Shengjun demands that we continuously improve our awareness of serving the overall situation. People's courts at all levels should deploy their work, handle problems, and try cases from the perspective of the overall work of the Party and the state, and strive to seek the best solution to solve them properly in accordance with the law. We must adhere to strict adherence to the law in handling cases. Strictly handling cases in accordance with the law and ensuring the quality of case handling is the lifeline of the people's court's trial work, which cannot be shaken at any time and under any circumstances. People's courts at all levels should strictly start from facts, handle affairs in accordance with the law, ensure the quality of factual evidence, application of law, and trial procedures, and make every case a model of fair trial by the court, a "iron case" that can withstand the test of history and law. We need to balance procedural fairness and substantive fairness. When adjudicating major criminal cases, it is necessary to ensure substantive fairness while ensuring that criminal trial activities are carried out strictly in accordance with legal procedures, and to maximize judicial fairness. We need to balance judicial fairness and trial efficiency. Efficiency is the basic requirement and necessary meaning of handling cases in accordance with the law and judicial justice. Pursuing judicial justice and improving litigation efficiency are the value goals of criminal litigation, which are fundamentally complementary and dialectically unified. Major criminal cases must be promptly concluded in accordance with the law, and the authority and dignity of socialist rule of law must be upheld. We must adhere to the unity of legal and social effects. Wang Shengjun pointed out that in the current and future period, the task of adjudicating major criminal cases will become even more arduous. People's courts at all levels across the country must be fully prepared and further strengthen the organization and leadership of adjudicating major criminal cases. We need to further enhance our organizational leadership skills. Secondly, we need to further enhance our overall coordination ability. We need to further standardize and strengthen publicity and reporting work. In the process of adjudicating major criminal cases, people's courts at all levels should attach great importance to propaganda work, timely release authoritative information, and consciously accept public opinion supervision.
When asked about their level of acceptance of the decision, the majority of people said "accept/fully accept", while 30.2% said "do not accept/completely do not accept", reflecting that more citizens hold an accepting attitude towards this decision.  
The media reported that the legislation of the Social Security Law has encountered obstacles, and the National People's Congress will postpone the retrial until next year. It is reported that the Social Insurance Law, originally scheduled for the third trial in August, will be postponed until next year. According to informed sources, an important reason for this delay is the current uncertain economic situation, in order to avoid adding burden to the company. Another important reason for the delay is that there are currently too many differences, especially in reaching consensus on the design of some pension insurance systems. Scholars predict that the law will need at least four rounds of review before it can be finally determined. He Ping, director of the Social Insurance Research Institute of the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, reminds us not to have too high expectations for the Social Insurance Law. The legislation of the Social Security Law is forced to bypass the "Social Insurance Law", which is known as the basic law. There are significant differences among different departments in the timing of legislation. Considering the operational difficulty, the State Council Legislative Affairs Office has suggested postponing the legislation. However, due to the high social voice, it was finally included in the annual legislative plan of the National People's Congress. After the second trial, the strongest reaction from all sectors of society was that there were too many additional provisions authorized by the State Council, especially in the chapter on pension insurance. Some systems of pension insurance are not mature, and the legislation of the National People's Congress can only bypass them, without the ability to grasp them, "said the person who participated in the legislation. Although the government has already piloted pension insurance for public institutions in some places, no province has yet come up with a reform plan. At the same time, the composition of public institutions is complex, and it has been unclear whether the contributors of pension insurance premiums are the government or the units themselves. It is reported that the most concentrated issue reflected by society is the pension system for civil servants. Due to the fact that the decision-making level did not consider the overall design of the pension insurance system, but chose a seemingly easier to operate path - first changing enterprises, and then changing government agencies and public institutions. Unexpectedly, the gap in pension benefits between the two is widening, and social conflicts are becoming increasingly concentrated. It is precisely this background that has caused the awkward legislation of the Social Insurance Law. Significant differences make it difficult to reach consensus, except for disputes over the coverage of pension insurance. There are also significant differences in details such as the conditions for enjoying pension benefits, payment of benefits, and rates, making it difficult to reach a consensus. According to regulations, only individuals who have made contributions for at least 15 years and have reached retirement age are eligible for monthly pension benefits. But when the social security law solicited opinions from the society, this issue was reflected more prominently. Some have reported that some places abuse the minimum payment period regulations, requiring continuous payment for 15 years regardless of whether they are unemployed or not. Once interrupted, the previous payment period will be invalidated, which puts many unemployed people in a dilemma; Some suggestions suggest reducing the minimum payment period to allow the sunshine of social insurance to reach more people. Secondly, in terms of the premium rates for pension insurance, the legislation intentionally clarifies and fixes the premium rates for all types of insurance. However, in the absence of a clear timetable for national pooling, pension funds in various regions cannot be uniformly allocated. Due to the different pension insurance funds in various regions, especially the significant differences between the eastern and central western regions, opposition from affluent areas will be a major obstacle to reform. Analysts believe that the legislation of the Social Insurance Law not only involves the adjustment of significant rights and interests of insured persons, but also a redistribution of existing interests among different regions and groups. It is imaginable that the legislation will encounter resistance, and it is inevitable that it will be difficult to make a decision. According to the Economic Observer, Wu Bangguo: This year, the Social Security Law will be formulated, and legislation in the social field will be strengthened. The Social Security Law will be formulated to amend the Election Law
According to Taiwan's "Central News Agency" on the 21st, a total of 14 containers of door panels, corrugated panels, triangular panels, and other three types of components for 100 sets of modular houses were delivered to Kaohsiung on the 18th.   Due to a few politicians in Taiwan questioning the formaldehyde content of this batch of modular houses, the National Standards and Inspection Bureau cooperated to assist the Construction and Planning Agency of the Ministry of the Interior in testing. After careful inspection of all open cabinets, no suspected formaldehyde containing wooden materials such as ordinary plywood, laminated veneer lumber, particleboard, medium density fiberboard, etc. were found. It is reported that the main components of this batch of modular houses are polystyrene or foam bonded steel plate composite panels. The Taiwan authorities' Mainland Affairs Council issued a press release on the evening of the 19th stating that the mainland had conducted self testing before the modular houses arrived in Taiwan and explained to the Taiwan side that they fully met the standards. Please use them with peace of mind. Subsequently, on the 19th, the Standards and Inspection Bureau sent personnel to sample again and tested the formaldehyde content according to relevant standards. On the evening of the 21st, it was announced that the test results all met the formaldehyde content requirements.
On the early morning of September 5th, the publicity campaign for the fourth Legislative Council election of the Macau Special Administrative Region began with a heated opening.   This Legislative Council is composed of 29 members, including 12 directly elected members. Among the accepted candidate list, there are 16 groups and 123 people participating in direct elections, competing for 12 seats. Therefore, it is not surprising that there has been an unprecedentedly intense propaganda war.   To avoid the impact of crowds on safety, the Electoral Affairs Commission of the Legislative Council has taken special measures this time. Each group can only send three people with permits to enter the restricted area and be responsible for posting posters.   The police deployed a large number of officers on the scene to maintain order and implemented traffic control on some roads. Overall, although the prelude to the "election campaign" was somewhat "explosive", it was still orderly. According to the Electoral Law, audio propaganda is prohibited from before 9am to after 11pm during the campaign period, except for the opening of the propaganda campaign in the early morning of the first day of each election promotion period. Therefore, almost all participating groups and campaign teams seize the opportunity to break through the relevant regulations. Regarding the popularity of the "election campaign", Liang Bo, who is in his seventies, shook his fan and said to reporters, "The noise on the street is deafening and I can't sleep at all. I might as well come out and take a look." It is expected that the sixteen candidate groups will intensively promote their election ideas and platforms during the two weeks of the campaign period. Therefore, it can be imagined that in the coming days, the election propaganda war will continue to be intense, and the best is yet to come. (End)
Ministry of Public Security: The number of deaths caused by traffic violations such as drunk driving has decreased. According to the website of the Ministry of Public Security on September 3, from July 4 to August 24, there were a total of 32225 road traffic accidents in China, resulting in 8743 deaths, 38608 injuries, and direct property losses of 130 million yuan, a year-on-year decrease of 12.4%, 10.4%, 12.5%, and 20.7%, respectively. Since July 4th, when the Traffic Management Bureau of the Ministry of Public Security deployed the national traffic police system to carry out the "Welcoming National Day, Ensuring Safety, and Promoting Harmony" activity, local public security traffic management departments have taken effective measures to prevent and reduce road traffic accidents, vigorously implemented various work arrangements, and achieved phased results. Since the launch of the event, the number of major road traffic accidents with more than 10 deaths nationwide has significantly decreased. During this period, there were 2 major road traffic accidents with more than 10 deaths nationwide, a decrease of 4 compared to the same period last year. The number of major road traffic accidents in summer has significantly decreased in Guangxi, Sichuan, Guizhou, Yunnan and other places. Secondly, serious traffic violations such as drunk driving and speeding have led to a significant decrease in the number of fatalities in accidents. The number of deaths caused by three traffic violations, namely drunk driving, fatigue driving, and speeding, has decreased the most year-on-year in China, with a decrease of 29.6%, 20.2%, and 16.5% respectively. There has been a significant decrease in traffic accidents involving operating buses. Since the launch of the event, the number of deaths caused by accidents involving operating buses in China has decreased by 33.3% year-on-year, which is 14.1 percentage points higher than before the event. The traffic safety situation on highways is stable. With the continuous increase in the mileage of highways and the increase in passenger and freight flow, the number of deaths caused by highway traffic accidents has decreased by 7.6% year-on-year. However, there was a year-on-year increase in traffic accidents on Chongte Avenue in August. Since August, there have been a total of 90 traffic accidents with 3 or more deaths nationwide, an increase of 5 cases compared to the same period last year; There were 25 traffic accidents with more than 5 deaths, an increase of 18 cases year-on-year, with a significant increase. Accidents mainly occur on national and provincial roads, and the lack of isolation facilities in the center of the road and the prominent illegal behavior of drivers are the main reasons for accidents.
Through this goal alone, we have hope to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 1.5 billion tons, or 300 million tons per year. This figure shows that compared to the actual emission reductions of any country in the world, China's efforts and achievements in emission reduction are not inferior, "said Yu Qingtai.   According to the latest statistics, China's per capita GDP has just exceeded 3000 US dollars. According to the latest poverty line standard of $2 per person per day adopted by the United Nations, there are still 150 million impoverished people in China. China is facing a dual challenge of eliminating poverty, improving people's living standards, and protecting the environment. He said that China attaches great importance to expanding renewable energy and optimizing the energy structure. The goal proposed by China is to have renewable energy account for 10% of primary energy by 2010 and 15% by 2020. China's energy structure is dominated by coal, and the combustion of coal produces a significant amount of pollutants such as greenhouse gases. China hopes to expand the use of renewable energy, reduce coal consumption, and correspondingly reduce greenhouse gas and pollutant emissions. Yu Qingtai said that in 2008, China's utilization of hydropower and solar energy ranked first in the world, while wind energy utilization ranked fourth in the world. In terms of utilizing biogas, as of 2007, the number of rural biogas users in China reached 26 million, which can reduce the use of 16 million tons of standard coal per year, equivalent to reducing carbon dioxide emissions by 44 million tons per year. Yu Qingtai said that the global financial crisis is a challenge faced by all countries, and China has also been greatly impacted.     According to a survey by HSBC, China ranks second in the world for projects that allocate such a large proportion to addressing climate change and improving energy efficiency.   China's goal is to increase the market share of high-efficiency and energy-saving products from the current 5% to 30%, which means achieving greater energy-saving and emission reduction targets through daily actions of the whole society.    
He stated in an interview with reporters after the meeting that there are still many related issues between the two sides of the Taiwan Strait during the preparation process, which may be raised at any time during the fourth Chen Jiang talks.   He pointed out that over the past year, cross-strait relations have achieved a historic turning point and made breakthrough progress. The three rounds of talks between the Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits (ARATS) and the Taiwan Straits Exchange Foundation (SEF) have basically achieved direct "three links" between the two sides of the Taiwan Strait, opening up the process of normalizing economic and trade exchanges between the two sides. More and more compatriots on both sides of the Taiwan Strait have shared the achievements of peaceful development of cross-strait relations and actively participated in the process of promoting the development of cross-strait relations. The practice over the past year has fully demonstrated that improving and developing cross-strait relations is the will of the people and the trend of the times. Chen Yunlin stated that currently, the great exchanges between compatriots on both sides of the Taiwan Strait are flourishing. People from all walks of life on both sides should seize the rare historical opportunity, strengthen exchanges and cooperation, and contribute to promoting the peaceful development of cross-strait relations and the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. (End)>, related reading:
Hu Xiaoyi said that in the past, the old rural insurance was mainly paid by farmers themselves, which was actually a self saving model. The biggest difference of the new rural insurance is the combination of individual contributions, collective subsidies, and government subsidies, which are three financing channels. Especially when the central government provides subsidies to local governments, these subsidies are directly provided to farmers. He stated that this is another significant policy that benefits farmers, following the cancellation of agricultural taxes, direct subsidies for agriculture, and the new rural cooperative medical system. Hu Xiaoyi explained that the old rural insurance mainly establishes accounts for farmers, while the new rural insurance is designed in two parts in terms of payment structure: one is the basic pension, and the other is the pension for personal accounts. The basic pension is fully guaranteed and paid by the state and finance.   He introduced that the State Council executive meeting has reviewed and approved in principle the guidance for the new rural insurance pilot program. The guidance for this pilot program is currently soliciting opinions from local governments and is ready to be further revised and improved before being officially released and the pilot program is launched. It is expected that the pilot program will be launched before the National Day holiday. At the press conference, Wang Yadong, Deputy Director of the Employment Promotion Department of the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, also revealed that after the 2009 Spring Festival, 95% of returning migrant workers returned to the city for employment. Wang Yadong introduced that in order to do a good job in the employment of migrant workers affected by the financial crisis, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, together with the National Bureau of Statistics, conducted a survey on the employment situation of migrant workers before and after the Spring Festival. The overall situation is that by the end of 2008, the total number of migrant workers employed in China was 225 million, of which 140 million were migrant workers who went out. Before the 2009 Spring Festival, about 50% of migrant workers returned home, totaling 70 million people, of whom 18 million needed to solve their employment problems. After the Spring Festival, 95% of migrant workers returning to their hometowns will return to urban areas for employment, while the remaining 5% will work locally in rural areas and start businesses in their hometowns.  
The draft law stipulates that the establishment of administrative coercion should be subject to a hearing first. According to Xinhua News Agency, the draft administrative coercion law submitted for the third review yesterday stipulates that the establishment of administrative coercion must be discussed and evaluated in advance. The draft stipulates that when drafting laws or regulations and intending to establish administrative compulsion, the drafting unit shall solicit opinions through forms such as hearings and argumentation meetings. The agency responsible for establishing administrative coercion should regularly evaluate the administrative coercion it has established; For administrative coercion that has already been established, if deemed inappropriate, the provisions for establishing such administrative coercion should be promptly modified or abolished. Some provisions of the draft also highlight humanistic care. Administrative agencies shall not implement administrative enforcement at night or on holidays, and shall not use methods such as stopping water, electricity, heating, or gas supply to force parties to fulfill administrative obligations in residents' daily lives. In addition, some members of the Standing Committee and experts have pointed out that the current law enforcement agencies for administrative coercive measures are quite complex. Some places and departments delegate the power of administrative coercion to unqualified law enforcement personnel, and some even hire temporary personnel for law enforcement. The arbitrariness of law enforcement is high, and cases of infringement on the legitimate rights and interests of citizens occur from time to time. After studying with the Legislative Affairs Office of the State Council, the Legislative Committee of the National People's Congress proposed to add two items. The draft stipulates that "the power of administrative coercive measures shall not be entrusted", "administrative coercive measures shall be implemented by qualified formal law enforcement personnel of administrative organs, and other personnel shall not implement them.".   What compulsory measures do administrative agencies have? How to prevent these coercive measures from being abused? How can the legitimate rights and interests of ordinary people be protected in the face of administrative power? However, in fact, the legislative situation in this regard in our country is not optimistic. According to the provisions of the Legislation Law, if a bill is not included in the agenda of the Standing Committee meeting for deliberation again after two years, the deliberation of the bill will be terminated. Therefore, many people believe that the biggest purpose of this review is to "activate" this legal case. Because in fact, there are still many areas worth discussing regarding this law, such as the boundaries of the scope of administrative power and how to balance administrative and judicial powers, which still need to be resolved. According to Xinhua News Agency
Dai Bingguo said that since the United Progressive Alliance led by the National Congress Party came into power, China India relations have entered the fast lane of comprehensive development and continuously stepped up to new heights. Sonia Gandhi, as the Chairperson of the United Progressive Alliance and the National Congress Party, has made unremitting efforts for the development of Sino Indian relations. China is willing to work together with India to promote new progress in the strategic partnership between China and India.   Sonia Gandhi said that exchanges between the people of India and China, especially young people, are very important. On the occasion of the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between India and China, the two countries should take this opportunity to expand cultural exchanges and enhance the social foundation of friendship between the two countries.   Chinese Ambassador to India Zhang Yan, Vice Foreign Minister Wu Dawei, and others attended the meeting.
Qiao Xiaoyang said that in accordance with the legislative goal of constantly improving the socialist legal system with Chinese characteristics and the requirements of the five-year legislative plan of the Standing Committee of the Eleventh National People's Congress, the legislative task in the future will be very heavy. We must urgently formulate laws that serve as a framework in the legal system; Secondly, it is necessary to timely clean up and revise the laws that have been formulated; We must urge relevant parties to promptly introduce laws and regulations to support it. Qiao Xiaoyang said that we need to study and promote the establishment of a sound sustainable development system and mechanism from the perspective of legal system, promote the formation of an industrial structure, growth mode, and consumption mode that saves energy and resources and protects the ecological environment, and strive to promote the development of low-carbon and green economy. At the same time, we need to strengthen legislation in the social field, improve people's livelihoods, effectively solve the most concerned, direct, and realistic interests of the people, and promote social fairness and justice. Make legislation in this area a priority. Qiao Xiaoyang believes that it is very important to actively promote scientific and democratic legislation, and further play the role of National People's Congress deputies in legislative work. Improve the working mechanism for the orderly participation of the public in legislation, making the legislative process a decision-making process that deeply understands public sentiment, fully reflects public opinion, and widely concentrates public wisdom. In addition, legislative supervision should be strengthened to maintain the unity of the legal system. (End)>, Related Reading: Zhou Yongkang: Consolidating Procuratorial Work, Fully Safeguarding Social Equity and Justice. The President of the Supreme Court wrote an article proposing to achieve fairness and justice to the greatest extent possible
The number of severe cases has increased to 25, with 3 people receiving treatment in the intensive care unit.   In addition, Lin Ding, Deputy Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, confirmed that there have also been student gatherings at the Police University infected with H1N1 influenza, but the number is not large.
71 online games have been ordered to shut down or investigated, and 37 online game companies have been exposed for violating regulations. Among them, 45 unapproved overseas online games such as "America 1930" have been ordered to shut down; 26 online games including 'Music Lover' with vulgar content have been investigated and punished; 27 online gaming companies, including 'I Want to Play', have been warned and given a deadline to rectify; 10 leaders of online gaming companies were given admonishment talks. The relevant person in charge of the General Administration of Press and Publication stated that currently, a few online game companies are publishing and operating imported online games without approval or providing operation and promotion services for overseas online games; Some domestic online games have not fulfilled the publishing and filing procedures as required; Some online games have added a lot of unhealthy content such as violence, gore, and pornography after approval or filing, or indirectly added harmful game functions of "gambling" and "gambling" nature; Some do not set up anti addiction systems for online games as required; Some web games use vulgar or even provocative advertising language for promotion, which has a very negative social impact. It is reported that the General Administration of Press and Publication will fully implement the pre approval and supervision of online games before the end of the year. Any enterprise that has not obtained an Internet publishing license with the business scope of online games shall not engage in online game publishing and operation services: further improve the management system for the approval of imported online games. Any overseas online games that have not been approved for import or provide operation and promotion services for overseas online games in China will be immediately banned once found; Strictly implement the management system for the registration and operation of domestic online game publishing; Strengthen the dynamic supervision of online games that have completed approval or filing procedures, and enhance the evaluation and inspection of anti addiction systems for online games. At the recent briefing on the rectification of vulgar content in online games, industry insiders believe that the strict crackdown on vulgar content in online games by the General Administration of Press and Publication is crucial for maintaining the order of online game publishing and purifying the online industry environment. The person in charge of the investigated online gaming company also stated that they will immediately rectify as required to avoid similar problems from happening again.
Suning led a total of 22 representatives from major banks and bill companies in mainland China to Taiwan today to participate in the Cross Strait Financial Bill Seminar, which was originally scheduled to be held in Taipei last week.
On August 6th, the State Council Legal Affairs Office released the full text of the "Regulations on Vocational Skills Training and Appraisal (Draft for Comments)" (hereinafter referred to as the Draft for Comments) on its official website, soliciting opinions from all sectors of society. The draft for soliciting opinions proposes that the funds used by employers for education and training of frontline employees shall not be less than 70% of the total amount of education and training funds for employees in the unit. According to the draft for soliciting opinions, if an employer fails to extract and use employee education and training funds in accordance with regulations, the human resources and social security administrative department of the people's government at or above the county level shall order it to make corrections within a specified period of time; Those who fail to make corrections within the prescribed time limit shall be fined not less than 10000 yuan but not more than 50000 yuan. The draft for soliciting opinions points out that the management measures for the extraction and use of education and training funds for employees of employers should be formulated by the staff (representative) assembly. The extraction and use of funds for employee education and training by employers shall be reported to the employee (representative) assembly and subject to employee supervision.
On the other hand, there has been an increase in personal injury and property damage cases caused by the problems of Chinese overseas Chinese, especially some overseas Chinese who do not pay attention to respecting local customs, lack personal cultivation, lack legal awareness, or violate business ethics.   At the same time, it is necessary to further strengthen cooperation with media think tanks and scholars, and establish a long-term working mechanism for overseas security propaganda and early warning involving government departments, industry associations, enterprises, media, and scholars.
He emphasized that the current situation of flood prevention and control is still severe, and secondary disasters caused by typhoons and heavy rainfall are still developing. The task of disaster reduction and relief is quite heavy. Relevant regions and departments should conscientiously implement the important instructions of the central leadership, carry forward the spirit of continuous combat, and tirelessly carry out flood prevention, rescue and relief work. They should adhere to people-oriented, scientific prevention and control, strengthen early warning, clarify responsibilities, implement measures, strengthen water conservancy project scheduling, properly arrange the lives of affected people, quickly organize production and self rescue, and minimize disaster losses. Typhoon Morakot, the 8th typhoon of this year, made landfall with strong winds, slow movement speed, heavy rainfall intensity, long duration, and wide impact range. Some stations have measured wind speeds reaching level 14 and actual precipitation exceeding 1200 millimeters. During the inspection, Hui Liangyu listened to the reports on flood prevention and typhoon resistance work in Fujian and Zhejiang provinces. He pointed out that after the typhoon, we should continue to attach great importance to the prevention of secondary disasters, properly resettle the affected people, do a good job in hygiene and epidemic prevention, and effectively guarantee their basic livelihood. The agriculture and fishery in the disaster area have been severely damaged. It is necessary to quickly organize and carry out production self rescue, and do everything possible to help farmers restore production and recover disaster losses as much as possible. At the same time, we must urgently repair the water damaged projects and infrastructure, and restore normal production and living order in the disaster area as soon as possible. Hui Liangyu pointed out that the country is still in a critical period of flood prevention and control, and we must remain highly vigilant about this. We must not be careless, lax, or negligent. All regions and relevant departments should prioritize ensuring the safety of the people's lives, effectively strengthen organizational leadership, and comprehensively implement various measures. For more news, listen to CCTV
The Democratic Party has just achieved a landslide victory in the Japanese general election. Okada stated that the Democratic Party has always attached great importance to relations with China, and after seizing power, the party will continue to deepen Japan China relations.   Okada also said, "Currently, Asia's presence in the international community is increasing. The 21st century will be the century of Asia, and he hopes that Japan and China can build a win-win relationship in the future." He hopes that Japan and China can strengthen economic cooperation, enhance communication in various fields such as environment and energy, and work together to exert greater influence in the international community.    
Li Keqiang attended the Northeast Asia Economic and Trade Cooperation High Level Forum and delivered a speech. Xinhua News Agency, Changchun, September 1 (Reporter Xie Dengke, Chu Xiaoliang) - Changchun, in the golden autumn, is filled with a warm and peaceful atmosphere.   Subsequently, Li Keqiang attended the Northeast Asia Economic and Trade Cooperation High Level Forum.   But the international financial crisis has not yet subsided, and China's development still faces many difficulties and challenges. We will maintain the continuity and stability of macroeconomic policies, focus on the present, look to the long term, highlight key areas, and strive to expand domestic demand, especially consumer demand, promote strategic adjustments to the economic structure, advance reforms in key areas and key links, promote stable growth in foreign trade and the use of foreign capital, make the foundation of economic recovery more solid, make enterprise operations more dynamic, make development in all aspects more coordinated, and maintain long-term stable and rapid economic development. Li Keqiang pointed out that in the five years since the implementation of the Northeast Revitalization Strategy, the Northeast region has entered a new stage of rapid development. Northeast China has a vast territory, abundant resources, a solid foundation for development, great potential, and ample room for maneuver. Promoting the comprehensive revitalization of the old industrial base in Northeast China and accelerating the formation of a new growth pole with unique advantages and competitiveness is an organic component of the overall pattern of regional economic coordinated development, as well as an important focus on expanding domestic demand and promoting stable and rapid economic development. It will bring new opportunities for China's development and Northeast Asia's economic and trade cooperation.     He pointed out that there is strong economic complementarity among Northeast Asian countries, and the trend of regional economic integration has not changed. Further strengthening economic and trade cooperation in Northeast Asia will play a positive role in promoting stable economic development in the region and global economic recovery and growth. China is willing to work with other countries in Northeast Asia to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation with a more open and positive attitude, promote the development of economic and trade cooperation in Northeast Asia to a higher level and a wider range of fields, and achieve mutual benefit and win-win results. Prior to the opening of the Expo, Li Keqiang met with Philippine Vice President Noli de Castro, Mongolian Deputy Prime Minister Juyegongbu Enkhbold, Ghana's Second Deputy Speaker of Parliament Mike O'Queye, and former French Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin, among other national dignitaries. He also walked into the Expo venue with Chinese and foreign guests and visited the exhibition with great interest.   The Northeast Asia Economic and Trade Cooperation High Level Forum, with the theme of "Responding to the International Financial Crisis, Dialogue Opportunities and Challenges", was attended by more than 600 government officials, experts, scholars and entrepreneurs from home and abroad. Zheng Wantong, Vice Chairman of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, attended the opening ceremony of the Expo.
Both sides exchanged views on China Japan relations under the new situation. Hatoyama expressed confidence in the better development of Japan China relations under the new situation. Cui Tiankai congratulated the Democratic Party on winning the recent House of Representatives election and highly praised the positive contributions made by the Democratic Party and Hatoyama himself in long-term relations with China. Cui Tiankai emphasized that during President Hu Jintao's visit to Japan in May last year, the leaders of the two countries issued a joint statement on comprehensively promoting the strategic and mutually beneficial relationship between China and Japan, emphasizing that China and Japan are "cooperative partners and do not pose a threat to each other" and "support each other's peaceful development". China is willing to work together with Japan on this basis to continue joint efforts, strengthen coordination and cooperation in bilateral and regional international affairs, and promote the continuous development of bilateral relations in the new situation. Hatoyama thanks China for congratulating the Democratic Party on winning the election.     In the future, we are willing to continuously enhance political mutual trust with China, expand pragmatic cooperation, and strengthen coordination in the region and internationally. Hatoyama pointed out that under the new situation, Japan China relations will definitely develop better. He is full of confidence in this. (End)
The Chairman's Meeting suggested that the Tenth Meeting of the Standing Committee of the Eleventh National People's Congress should continue to consider the draft law on the People's Armed Police, the draft decision of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on amending some laws, and the draft administrative enforcement law, and consider the draft amendment to the Renewable Energy Law for the first time. The Chairman's Meeting suggests that the agenda for this Standing Committee meeting also includes: reviewing the report of the State Council on the implementation of the national economic and social development plan since the beginning of this year, the report on transforming the development mode and adjusting the economic structure, and the report on addressing climate change work; Deliberating the draft resolution of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on actively responding to climate change, the report of the Law Enforcement Inspection Group of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on inspecting the implementation of the Animal Husbandry Law, and the report of the Credentials Committee of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on the credentials of individual representatives; Deliberate on appointment and removal cases, etc. At the Chairman's Meeting, Li Jianguo, Vice Chairman and Secretary General of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, reported on the draft agenda and schedule of this Standing Committee meeting. The heads of the relevant special committees of the National People's Congress and the Credentials Committee of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress reported on the relevant agenda of this Standing Committee meeting. Wang Zhaoguo, Lu Yongxiang, Han Qide, Hua Jianmin, Chen Zhili, Zhou Tienong, Sima Yi Tieliwaldi, Jiang Shusheng, Chen Changzhi, Yan Junqi and Sang Guowei, Vice Chairmen of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, attended the meeting.
According to Taiwanese media, the Deputy Mayor of Beijing will lead a delegation to visit Taiwan in November. On September 6th, Taiwan Strait Network reported that after the Dalai Lama's visit to Taiwan, whether cross-strait economic and trade exchanges continue to grow steadily has become an important observation indicator for the development of cross-strait relations. The 12th Beijing Taiwan Science and Technology Forum will once again be held in Taipei in early November. It is reported that Jilin, the Executive Vice Mayor of Beijing, will personally lead an economic and trade delegation to attend.   The Beijing Taiwan Science and Technology Forum is an important annual event for the cross-strait technology industry. The first ten sessions were held in Beijing during the Democratic Progressive Party's tenure. On December 4th of last year, the event was held in Taiwan for the first time. Beijing had organized IT technology industries, large state-owned enterprise groups, century old brands, and well-known catering groups to come to Taiwan.  
The Hong Kong Hospital Authority stated that there are currently 55 confirmed cases that require hospitalization for treatment, with 50 in stable condition and 5 in critical condition. The Health Bureau of the Macau SAR Government announced on the 5th that as of the afternoon of the 5th, there have been a total of 236 confirmed cases. Currently, there are still 11 confirmed patients receiving treatment.
Chen Deming said that achieving zero tariffs on the vast majority of products from both sides is a sign of the establishment of the free trade zone. Starting from January 1st next year, about 7000 products from both China and ASEAN will enjoy zero tariff treatment, achieving the liberalization of goods trade. Chen Deming stated that the establishment of the free trade zone will enable Chinese people to enjoy lower consumer prices. For example, the prices of durian, mangosteen, dragon fruit, rambutan and other fruits imported by China from ASEAN are expected to decrease. On the other hand, the establishment of the free trade zone will enrich the choices of the people.  
On August 19th, Chinese Vice President Xi Jinping met with visiting Singaporean Foreign Minister Yang Rongwen at the Great Hall of the People.     The high-level officials of both sides have maintained close exchanges, and effective cooperation has been achieved in various fields such as economy, trade, science and technology, and humanities. They have also maintained good communication and coordination on international and regional issues.     Next year, the two countries will celebrate the 20th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations. We hope that both sides will take this opportunity to fully tap into their potential, actively seek new growth points for cooperation, and promote China Singapore relations to a new level. Yang Rongwen said that Singapore China relations have developed very well, and the friendly and mutually beneficial cooperation between the two sides has been expanding and deepening, bringing tangible benefits to the two peoples. The new side is willing to work together with the Chinese side to promote the development of bilateral relations to a higher level. (End)
At the same time, Taiwan's "Executive Yuan" passed the draft of the "Special Budget for Post Typhoon Morakot Reconstruction" on the third day, allocating NT $120 billion over four years to promote post disaster reconstruction and fully using debt to support financial resources. It is reported that the special budget for post disaster reconstruction will borrow NT $41.4 billion in 2009, along with the previously approved total budget of the Taiwan authorities and the expansion of public construction. This year's borrowing amount is as high as NT $507.4 billion, setting a new historical high for borrowing in a single year. Regarding the data released by Fitch Ratings, officials from Taiwan's Ministry of Finance stated that the calculation basis for both sides is inconsistent, as international debt calculations are based on "outstanding debt balance of more than one year". As of the end of this year, Taiwan's debt balance is NT $4.4 trillion, accounting for 316% of GDP; Fitch should include nearly 800 billion yuan of short-term debt under one year and 900 billion yuan of non operating fund borrowing in order to reach 50% of GDP. But the United Daily News pointed out that with the most conservative estimate of 4.4 trillion yuan in debt, every baby is born with nearly 200000 yuan in debt; If the potential liabilities of nearly 9 trillion yuan, such as social insurance and state-owned enterprises, are included, each person has a debt of nearly 630000 yuan, becoming a typical "debt slave". Officials admitted that the government's debt has skyrocketed and have proposed a "medium - to long-term fiscal soundness plan", including a debt to GDP ratio of less than 40%, a tax burden rate of no less than 14.3%, a utilization rate of no less than 50% for public and non-public land, and an annual mandatory repayment of no less than 1.6% of the outstanding debt balance of the previous year. At the same time, the authorities are considering setting up a "financial warning light", with a red light indicating high debt and "need to brake". Through dynamic standards for managing debt adjustments, Taiwan's finances will be examined to let the public understand the government's financial burden. In addition, Fitch Ratings predicts that Taiwan's unemployment rate will climb to 6.5-7% by the end of this year, with an average annual unemployment rate of 6%. However, the peak will be at the end of this year, and the unemployment rate will gradually decline from next year onwards. In terms of economic growth rate, the estimated global economic growth rate for this year is negative 3.8%; The estimated value for Taiwan this year is negative 4.9%, mainly due to sluggish external demand, decreased exports, overall economic activity decline, and rising unemployment rate affecting consumer spending. However, the fundamental reason is sluggish investment.   (End) Taiwan authorities officially relax restrictions on mainland actors going to Taiwan to shoot films. Various sectors in mainland China have donated over 780 million yuan to Taiwan's disaster stricken compatriots
On September 1st, according to the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Vice Premier of the State Council Hui Liangyu held talks with Latvian Prime Minister Dombrovskis in Riga. Hui Liangyu conveyed Premier Wen Jiabao's greetings to Dongbrovsky. Hui Liangyu said that the development momentum of China Latin America relations is good. Latvia is an important partner of China in the Baltic Sea region, and China is willing to continue to promote the healthy and stable development of bilateral relations based on the principles of mutual respect, equality, and mutual benefit. Dongbrovsky asked Hui Liangyu to convey his greetings to Premier Wen Jiabao. He stated that since the establishment of diplomatic relations, exchanges between Latin America and China have gradually increased in political, economic, trade, cultural and other fields.   Both sides agree that in the face of the current international financial crisis, China and Latin America should explore new fields and ways, expand mutual investment and economic and trade cooperation, and expand new cooperation in transportation, agriculture and forestry, medicine, fish products, dairy products and other fields. China encourages its own enterprises to increase the import of goods from Latin America, and Latin America welcomes the visit of the Chinese trade and investment promotion delegation. The two governments will create more favorable conditions for cooperation between their enterprises. Lafang has decided to participate in the 2010 Shanghai World Expo. When it comes to China Europe relations, Hui Liangyu said that in the current complex international situation, China and Europe should work together to meet challenges and seek common development. The Chinese side is willing to work together with the European side, in the spirit of mutual respect, equality and mutual benefit, to enhance mutual trust, promote cooperation, and push the comprehensive strategic partnership between China and Europe to a new level. Dombrovskis stated that Latvia is willing to play a positive role in promoting EU China relations. After the talks, both sides jointly attended the signing ceremony of bilateral cooperation documents on agriculture, promoting trade and investment.
In order to assist Fujian and Zhejiang in carrying out disaster relief work, 42 million yuan of the emergency subsidy funds allocated by the central government will be used for emergency relocation and resettlement of disaster stricken people, and 60 million yuan will be used for flood prevention and rescue and repair of water conservancy facilities damaged by water.
The Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council responded to doubts about the use of prefabricated houses in aid to Taiwan, stating that it would sow discord between the two sides of the Taiwan Strait. On August 19th, according to China News Service, spokesperson Fan Liqing of the Taiwan Affairs Office solemnly clarified the issue of excessive formaldehyde in the prefabricated houses donated by the mainland to Taiwan during a special press conference this morning. Fan Liqing solemnly clarified that the main components of the activity board houses provided to Taiwanese disaster victims this time were produced by a first-class activity board house production enterprise in mainland China. The activity board houses were completely manufactured according to the design requirements and technical standards provided by Taiwan, and were made based on the drawings provided by Taiwan. The activity board house is designed to withstand seismic intensity of level 7 and strong winds below level 10. She said that the Shenzhen Municipal Bureau of Quality and Technical Supervision conducted sampling tests on the activity board houses in Taiwan, testing the indicators of formaldehyde, benzene, and total volatile organic compounds in the main components of the activity board houses. The test results showed that all project indicators not only met the environmental standards of mainland China, but also fully complied with the standards set by Taiwan's environmental protection departments, as well as international environmental standards.   Mainland compatriots sincerely assist disaster stricken Taiwanese compatriots, and the donated disaster relief materials provided are of the best quality and performance. Please rest assured, Taiwan compatriots.
Both sides had a lengthy conversation on a wide range of topics of common concern in a warm and friendly atmosphere.       Wu Bangguo positively evaluated the relationship between China and Cuba. He said that with the active promotion of the leaders of the two countries and the joint efforts of the two peoples, China Cuba relations are at the best time in history.   Castro stated that the relationship between Cuba and China is very friendly.       Wu Bangguo also introduced China's situation in developing its own economy and responding to the international financial crisis in response to inquiries.   Both sides also had in-depth exchanges of views on major issues of common concern, such as promoting world economic recovery, international and regional situations, and development trends. >Related reading: Wu Bangguo talks with the President of the National People's Congress of Cuba; Wu Bangguo arrives in Cuba for a visit and will talk with Castro
The central government has decided to take two years to address issues such as engineering corruption. According to Xinhua News Agency, the General Office of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council recently issued the "Opinions on Carrying out Special Governance Work on Prominent Problems in the Field of Engineering Construction" and issued a notice requiring all regions and departments to conscientiously implement it based on their actual situation. The opinion points out that we must soberly recognize that there are still many prominent problems in the field of engineering construction in China. One is that some leading cadres use their power to intervene in engineering construction, extorting and accepting bribes; Secondly, some departments illegally and irregularly make decisions to launch projects and approve plans, illegally and irregularly approve and transfer land, arbitrarily change land use, and increase building plot ratios; Thirdly, some tenderers and bidders evade bidding, engage in false bidding, collude with bidders, subcontract and illegally subcontract; Fourthly, some bidding agencies have violated regulations and some experts have conducted unfair evaluations; Fifth, some units fail to fulfill their responsibilities for illegal land acquisition and demolition, damage to public interests, destruction of ecological environment, quality and safety during the construction process; Sixth, some places violate the principles of scientific and democratic decision-making by launching projects indiscriminately, resulting in "image projects" that are labor-intensive and costly, "achievement projects" that are detached from reality, and "tofu dreg" projects that threaten the safety of people's lives and property. The above-mentioned problems seriously harm public interests, affect the relationship between the Party and the masses, disrupt the socialist market economic order, hinder scientific development and social harmony and stability, and have been strongly reflected by the people. Therefore, the central government has decided to focus on carrying out special governance work on prominent issues in the field of engineering construction for about two years. The opinion proposes that the phased goal of governance is to ensure the lawful and transparent operation of market trading activities in the field of engineering construction, establish and improve a unified and standardized tangible market for engineering construction, establish a preliminary and interconnected integrity system, improve the legal and regulatory system, continuously deepen relevant reforms, establish a long-term mechanism for the healthy and orderly development of engineering construction, strictly investigate and punish the illegal and irregular intervention of leading cadres in engineering construction, and further curb the trend of frequent corruption. Xiao Qing: Security in the national infrastructure sector cannot be compromised
Cuban Foreign Minister Rodriguez will visit China on August 25th. Foreign Ministry spokesperson Qin Gang announced on August 25th that at the invitation of Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi, Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez Parrilla will pay an official visit to China from September 1st to 3rd.
The Ministry of Health stated that pharmaceutical companies have overcapacity and may undergo mergers and reorganizations. On August 20th, at a press conference held by the Ministry of Health on the establishment of the national essential drug system, Zheng Hong, Director of the Drug Policy and Essential Drug System Department of the Ministry of Health, responded to a reporter's question by saying that currently, pharmaceutical production and operation enterprises are generally in a state of overcapacity, and there may be mergers and reorganizations of enterprises. Zheng Hong stated that in the process of institutional design, due to the involvement of multiple links and adjustments to the interests of all parties involved. At present, pharmaceutical production and operation enterprises are generally in a state of overcapacity. Therefore, in the process of implementing the essential drug system and ensuring production and supply, there may be mergers and reorganizations of enterprises. Zheng Hong stated that the implementation of bidding procurement for essential drugs means that in the past, some companies producing the same type of drugs had to compete with each other. It is impossible for all companies producing the same type of drugs to win the bid, which will have an impact on some companies and lead to mergers and acquisitions. Of course, this is also a phenomenon of market mechanism. Zheng Hong said that therefore, in the process of designing and formulating the basic drug system, multiple ministries and commissions need to participate. For example, the competent department for the production and supply of essential drugs is the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, which is also conducting research and investigation in this area, taking corresponding measures, and guiding the government through industrial policies to play a macro guiding role in ensuring the production and supply of essential drugs.  
Q: Recently, a Hong Kong media reported that according to China's "bottom line" plan in the Sino Indian border negotiations, China only obtained 28% of the disputed territory between China and India. Please confirm. Answer: Recently, some media outlets have made speculative reports on the Sino Indian border negotiations, which are completely unfounded. China's position on the Sino Indian border issue is consistent and clear. The Chinese side is willing to work together with the Indian side, in the spirit of mutual understanding and accommodation, and based on the Agreement on the Political Guiding Principles for Resolving Border Issues, to seek a fair, reasonable and mutually acceptable solution.
One person died in Fujian due to typhoon, more than 1.4 million people were affected by the disaster, China News Agency, Fuzhou, August 10 (Reporter Luo Qinwen) The eighth typhoon of this year, "Morakot", hit Fujian head-on, and gales, huge waves, rainstorm and floods caused great economic losses to Fujian: more than 1.4 million people were affected by the disaster, one person was killed, and one person was missing; The direct economic loss exceeded 1.5 billion yuan. At 9:20 am on the 10th, the Fujian Provincial Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters disclosed that as of 9:00 am on the 10th, a total of six prefecture level cities, 46 counties, and 1.411 million people in Fujian were affected by the disaster, with one death and one missing person, 1150 collapsed houses, and 5275000 people transferred; The affected area of crops exceeded 66000 hectares, resulting in a total direct economic loss of 1.502 billion yuan, of which the direct economic loss of water conservancy facilities was 2.77 billion yuan. At present, 'Morakot' has left Fujian, but rainfall is still ongoing. The specific disaster caused by the typhoon to Fujian is still under further statistical verification. At 2:00 am on August 4th, Typhoon Morakot formed as a tropical storm over the western Pacific Ocean, and its intensity continued to increase, transforming into a severe tropical storm and typhoon; At 23:45 on the 7th, it landed in Hualien, Taiwan, and at 16:20 on the 9th, it landed again along the coast of Beibi Township, Xiapu County, Ningde City, Fujian Province. This is the most severe tropical cyclone affecting Fujian this year, with a fast development speed, strong intensity, strong winds, wide range, and long duration of impact on Fujian; It is also at the time of astronomical spring tide, and the combined effect of gale, rainstorm and spring tide is unprecedented in recent three years, which increases the difficulty for Fujian to prevent and fight against typhoon. Affected by the typhoon, the coastal areas in central and northern Fujian have been hit by gales, rainstorm and spring tide for several days. The sea levees and river levees have been damaged, roads have collapsed, mountains have slipped, dangerous houses have collapsed, crops have been flooded, and many counties and cities, including Fuding, Xiapu, Zherong, Fu'an, are now waterlogged. (End)
On August 3, according to Taiwan's TVBS report, Chen Xingyu, the daughter of Chen Shui bian, was recently charged with perjury and restricted from leaving the country in the century long trial of the Chen Shui bian family corruption case. On the 3rd, the court held a trial on the restriction of exit. In the afternoon, Chen Xingyu arrived at the North Court alone by taxi and remained silent in the face of questioning. The judge ultimately upheld the ruling on the restriction of exit. At 3:30 pm, the Northern Court held a trial for perjury in the Chen Shui bian case. Around 3:10 pm, Chen Xingyu took a taxi to the Northern Court and then entered the courtroom directly. The presiding judge's priority is to deal with the issue of Chen Xingyu's restriction on leaving the country, on the grounds that Chen Xingyu has already pleaded guilty in court and admitted to giving false testimony in the confidential expenses. Looking back at the entire case, Chen Xingyu was placed under border control in early June and was subsequently restricted from leaving the country during the court hearing on June 22. It was also reported that she was unable to study in the United States, which greatly affected her emotions.   This afternoon in court, the judge asked Chen Xingyu if she had any plans to leave the country this year? Chen Xingyu stated that her academic record for this year has already been transferred to someone else, so there are no plans to leave the country this year. The judge said that since this is the case, the restriction on leaving the country should be maintained because the defendant can ensure the litigation process on the island, and the case is simple, and a judgment can be made in the first instance soon. Chen Xingyu stated that she cannot be prevented from leaving the country because she still wants to study in the United States, and there may be a short-term application this year. The presiding judge said that if necessary, she can apply again at that time.
The specific regulations are as follows: "Residents' committees, village committees, and relevant units shall promptly stop the ongoing domestic violence, participate in the mediation of domestic violence, and may issue certificates or provide assistance according to the requests of the victimized women. Public security organs shall include reporting domestic violence in the scope of police work, and handle domestic violence requests and complaints in a timely manner in accordance with relevant regulations. The rescue management agencies of the municipal and district/county civil affairs departments shall carry out domestic violence assistance work, provide shelter and other necessary temporary assistance for women who are temporarily unable to return home due to domestic violence; establish a work coordination mechanism with relevant parties such as judicial administration, health, and women's federations, and provide legal services, medical treatment, and psychological counseling for women who receive shelter. The sentence is:, The public security organs in this city have encountered a considerable number of cases of domestic violence in their response work. After the relevant provisions are passed, a "rapid response linkage mechanism" will be formed for all relevant parties to jointly protect women from domestic violence.
Intended to standardize the complaint management of medical institutions, prevent and reduce the occurrence of medical disputes, improve the quality of medical services and the management level of medical institutions, and build a harmonious doctor-patient relationship. The draft for soliciting opinions requires hospitals to establish smooth and convenient complaint channels and form a complete set of working mechanisms. If the 'Measures' are implemented, patients will not be able to encounter the dilemma of having no way to file complaints in the future, and complaints will have a resolution and response to every situation. The draft Measures for the Management of Hospital Complaints stipulates that hospitals should implement a "first complaint responsibility system" for patient complaints. The complainant can file a complaint with any department. The receptionist should first explain and guide the work and record the complaints, and promptly transfer the complaint opinions to the complaint management department. At the same time, the hospital must provide feedback on the handling situation to the complainant within 15 working days. The draft for soliciting opinions points out that complaint management is an important part of hospital management, and standardizing complaint management can help promote the level of hospital management to a new level. The draft for soliciting opinions requires that the complaint management department of hospitals at or above the second level shall be led by the main leaders in charge of the hospital's complaint management work. In principle, it should be equipped with full-time staff and provide necessary workplaces and conditions for the complaint management department and its staff. The draft for soliciting opinions clearly requires hospitals to prominently display the complaint management department and its contact information. Complaint reception personnel should carefully listen to the complainant's opinions, verify relevant information, and fill out the "Hospital Complaint Registration Form", patiently and meticulously explaining the work.   The draft for soliciting opinions clearly requires complaint reception personnel to carefully listen to the complainant's opinions, verify relevant information, and fill out the "Hospital Complaint Registration Form". Anonymous complaints should be handled in accordance with relevant regulations such as the State Council's "Regulations on Petition Work". For complaints related to medical quality and safety that may endanger patient health, proactive measures such as consultation should be taken immediately to prevent and reduce the occurrence of patient harm. For complaints involving fees and pricing issues, the situation should be investigated as soon as possible. If it is indeed a charging or pricing error, it should be corrected immediately. For complaints with complex situations that require investigation and verification, relevant handling information or suggestions should generally be provided to the complainant within 5 working days; Complaints involving multiple departments that require organization and coordination of relevant departments to jointly study should be reported to the complainant within 15 working days for handling status or suggestions. All departments and units of the hospital should actively cooperate with the hospital's complaint management department to investigate, verify, and handle complaints. For disputes involving medical accidents, the complainant shall be informed to resolve them through medical accident technical appraisal, mediation, litigation, and other means in accordance with regulations such as the Regulations on the Handling of Medical Accidents, and to do a good job in explaining and guiding them. If the complainant causes trouble without reason, and persuasion is ineffective, or if the complainant fabricates facts, falsely accuses or frames others, the hospital should report to the health administrative department. For complainants who engage in illegal behavior, hospitals should report to the public security organs in accordance with the law. The Ministry of Health released a video of 26 new varieties of food additives: The Ministry of Health stated that irradiated food at the prescribed dosage is safe for consumption
Ministry of Culture: Commercial performances are not allowed to deceive audiences with lip syncing or fake performances. International Online Report (Reporter, Li?): The Ministry of Culture has revised and released the "Implementation Rules for the Regulations on the Management of Commercial Performances", which will come into effect on October 1, 2009. The Regulations have strengthened the restrictions on lip syncing and fake performances. Lip syncing and lip syncing blatantly violate laws and regulations, and infringe upon the legitimate rights and interests of the audience; Corrupt the industry culture and create a situation where authenticity is not distinguished in the entertainment industry; Causing actors to overly rely on technology, which poses a huge threat to their own development. To prevent lip syncing, the Regulation stipulates that actors shall not deceive the audience by means of lip syncing, fake performances, etc. Lip syncing and lip syncing refer to the act of actors using pre recorded songs or music instead of performing live during a performance. The performance organizer shall not organize actors to lip sync. No unit or individual shall provide conditions for lip syncing. The performance organizer shall assign a dedicated person to supervise the performance, prevent lip syncing, and establish corresponding punishment measures.
Typhoon Morakot has caused 116 deaths, 59 missing persons, and 45 injuries in Taiwan as of 10 pm today, according to the Taiwan Disaster Response Center. Among them, the number of deaths in order is 66 in Kaohsiung County, 24 in Tainan County, 15 in Pingtung County, 5 in Chiayi County, 4 in Nantou County, 1 in Changhua County, and 1 in Yunlin County. According to the Central News Agency, the typhoon also caused 383544 households in Taiwan to lose water, 2796 households to lose power, 26800 households to have their local telephones repaired, 250 mobile phone base stations to be repaired, and 626 households to have their natural gas repaired. In terms of transportation, 55 provincial roads are blocked, 35 county roads are blocked, 10 township roads are blocked, 1 urban road is blocked, 5 agricultural roads are blocked, and 4 indigenous tribal roads are blocked. There are still 80 centimeters of flooding in Dongshi Township, Chiayi, 50 centimeters of flooding in Shuishang Township, and 40 centimeters of flooding in Budai Township in Taiwan; 30 centimeters of flooding in Rende Township, 60 centimeters of flooding in Qigu Township, 100 centimeters of flooding in Xuejia Township, and 200 centimeters of flooding in Madou Township, Tainan County; Jiadong Township in Pingtung County was flooded by 120 centimeters, while Linbian Township and Donggang Township were flooded by about 30 centimeters. The air service arranged by the Taiwan Search and Rescue Center rescued a total of 1610 people and airdropped 23065 kilograms of supplies today, including rescuing 20 people in Xinyi Township, Nantou County; Chiayi County rescued 246 people and airdropped 9350 kilograms of supplies; Kaohsiung County rescued 918 people and airdropped 5695 kilograms of supplies; 339 people were rescued and 2370 kilograms of supplies were airdropped in Pingtung County; Taitung County rescued 87 people and airdropped 5650 kilograms of supplies. The latest figures show that the cumulative losses in agriculture, forestry, fisheries, and animal husbandry amount to NT $10.6737 billion. The top three counties and cities with the highest losses are Pingtung County with over NT $2.5 billion, Kaohsiung County with over NT $1.9 billion, and Tainan County with over NT $1.5 billion; The largest loss was in fishing production of over 3.6 billion yuan, concentrated in Pingtung County, Kaohsiung County, and Tainan County.
According to the recommended plan for the bridge project that has been submitted to the central government, the 49.968-kilometer Hong Kong Zhuhai Macao Bridge will surpass the world's longest Hangzhou Bay Cross Sea Bridge, and the technical standards will adhere to the principle of "higher than lower" based on the differences between mainland China and Hong Kong and Macao. Therefore, the Hong Kong Zhuhai Macao Bridge will become the most technically complex and highest standard project in the history of Chinese highway construction. According to the plan estimate, the steel consumption of the bridge will reach 1.2335 million tons, which is half that of the Hangzhou Bay Cross Sea Bridge, equivalent to building eleven "Bird's Nest" national sports stadiums. The proposed Hong Kong Zhuhai Macao Bridge spans the Lingdingyang Sea area at the mouth of the the Pearl River River with a total length of 49.968km, which is equivalent to nine Shenzhen Bay Highway Bridges. Its scale will surpass the longest sea crossing bridge in the world and the Hangzhou Bay Sea crossing Bridge with a total length of 36km. It includes various projects in the transportation industry, including roads, bridges, tunnels and islands. It is defined by experts from the Office of the Bridge Preliminary Work Coordination as "super projects, large sea crossing land roads, and cross-border projects (one country, two systems, three places)". According to the recommended construction plan for the bridge project, it will include a 6648 meter underwater tunnel, a 460 meter steel box girder cable-stayed bridge, concrete continuous rigid frame bridges with main spans of 250 meters, 220 meters, and 150 meters, as well as concrete continuous beam bridges with spans of 70 meters and 50 meters. The estimated cement consumption will reach 1.8355 million tons, which is 42% more than the 1.291 million tons of the Hangzhou Bay Cross Sea Bridge; And the amount of steel used for its steel beams, steel and steel bars will also reach 1.2335 million tons, which is 1.5 times the 800000 tons of Hangzhou Bay Cross Sea Bridge and equivalent to building eleven "Bird's Nest" national sports stadiums. It is reported that the above cement and steel consumption does not include the consumption of the artificial island and transportation engineering at the Hong Kong Port of the bridge. Experts involved in the plan pointed out that the bridge connects mainland China with Hong Kong and Macau, and there are differences in technical standards among the three regions. In order to build the bridge into a project that meets the requirements of all three regions, the main technical standards will be determined according to the principle of "high rather than low", that is, to use the highest standards to create a "world-class cross sea channel and landmark building", such as a design life of 120 years, resistance to 16 level typhoons, 8 level earthquakes, and 300000 ton giant ship impacts, all of which are higher than those of the Hangzhou Bay Cross Sea Bridge. The construction of ultra long immersed tube tunnels is extremely difficult. Compared to the Hangzhou Bay Cross Sea Bridge, the underwater tunnel construction of the Hong Kong Zhuhai Macao Bridge is the most challenging and is currently among the best in the world. Experts have revealed that the underwater tunnel with a total length of 6648 meters is recommended to use the immersed tube method. The immersed tube construction section is 5389 meters long, and the construction and installation cost alone amounts to 12.8 billion yuan (including artificial islands). Due to the large scale of the project and the complex meteorological conditions in the sea area, there are certain difficulties in construction. During the construction period, it has a significant impact on waterway transportation, environment, etc., especially to meet the high requirements of construction in the Chinese White Dolphin Protection Area. Experts believe that during the construction of immersed tube tunnels, the four key technologies of foundation trench excavation, pipe section sinking, backfilling, and uneven settlement control are highly tested, especially the equipment and process selection for foundation trench excavation with a depth of more than 30 meters under water depth conditions of more than 10 meters. Experts say that a dry dock will be built on the nearby Niutou Island, and a batch of prefabricated submerged sections will be dragged to the site for sinking, while the docking area will be located on the west side of Niutou Island. The tunnel will be designed according to the standard of a two-way six lane expressway, so it is recommended to use the widely used "reinforced concrete rectangular pipe section" form at home and abroad. The outer contour of the pipe section is 44.8 meters wide and 10 meters high, and the basic length of a single pipe section will reach 180 meters. Experts said that successful examples such as the Hong Kong East Port Cross Harbour Tunnel, the Kaohsiung Port Cross Harbour Tunnel, the the Pearl River Tunnel, and the Shanghai Outer Ring Tunnel will all serve as reference models for the design and construction management scheme implementation of the Hong Kong Zhuhai Macao Bridge subsea tunnel.
According to the Taiwan Health Department's emergency and outpatient epidemic monitoring, there are about 14000 new cases of H1N1 influenza (new flu) in Taiwan every week. Both public health and infectious physicians predict that the epidemic will rapidly rise after the start of next month's school year, reaching its peak from November to January next year. It is estimated that 30% or about 7 million people on the island will be infected, claiming 10000 lives. The Executive Yuan stated that it is considering allowing civil servants to have up to 20 days of paid care leave to take care of their families who have contracted the new flu. Warning: "The estimated death toll in the United States is 90000, which should refer to the worst-case scenario without drugs, vaccines, etc. Taiwan's medical system is good. If the number of infected people can be reduced to 20% of the population, the mortality rate should be about 0.2%, and it is estimated that 5000 to 10000 people will die." - Su Yiren, a clinical researcher at the National Institutes of Health and former director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, has already infected 38000 people with the new flu. Yang Zhiliang, director of the Department of Health, held a press conference two days ago and announced that Taiwan's new flu has added one more severe case, a 44 year old man from Gaoping District, who is still under treatment. According to emergency and outpatient epidemic monitoring, it is estimated that 38000 people on the island have been infected with the new flu, mostly mild cases. However, as the epidemic continues to grow, the number of new cases per week has reached 14000, which is about 37% higher than the "Department of Health" which announced about 9000 new flu cases per week two weeks ago. Infection expert and director of the Pediatric Infection Department at National Taiwan University Hospital, Huang Limin, stated that last year at this time, there were almost no cases of influenza like patients in outpatient clinics, but currently 30% of patients have developed symptoms of influenza like infections. After the start of the school year, the epidemic will become more severe due to clustering. By October, more than half of outpatient patients may be influenza like, and he estimates that 30% to 7 million people in Taiwan will be infected with the new flu. His estimate is also consistent with the number of antiviral drugs prepared by the CDC to supply 30% of the population. Former director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Su Yiren, called on the public to wear masks and seek medical attention as soon as possible if they experience flu like symptoms such as cough and fever. If medication is taken within 48 hours of onset, it can significantly reduce the amount of virus in the body and help reduce the incidence of severe complications. Guo Xusong, the director of the CDC, stated that patients with flu like symptoms will be reminded to wear masks when entering hospitals. If the epidemic escalates, the hospital's food and shopping streets will be forcibly closed. At present, the plan is to reserve 7.1 million doses of antiviral drugs such as COVID-19 and Relenza, and prepare 10 million doses of vaccines to provide 5 million people with vaccination, which is enough to cover high-risk groups such as young adults and pregnant women. According to He Meixiang, the R&D director of Guoguang Biotechnology Company, 5 million doses of vaccines can be produced by the middle of next month, and a total of 10 million doses will be delivered by the end of December. Human trials are planned to begin on the 25th of next month, with 300 people of all ages including the elderly and children participating in the trials. The CDC hopes to open vaccination at the end of October or early November. Former Director: There will be 7000 deaths. Former Director of the Department of Health and public health expert Chen Chien jen believes that Taiwan's medical quality is good, and the mortality rate of the new flu should not reach 4.5 per thousand. If we conservatively convert it to 1 per thousand, there will still be about 7000 deaths.   The Personnel Administration Bureau stated yesterday that civil servants who need to take care of their families can take 7 days of family care leave, including 5 days without salary deduction. They will also hold a meeting to discuss whether to give an additional 15 days of paid leave in the near future. Taipei City Mayor Hau Lung bin announced yesterday that he will provide a daily subsidy of NT $500 to low-income households with children who have suspended classes in Taipei City. The Labor Committee stated yesterday that workers employed by enterprises with more than 5 employees can take family care leave for up to 7 days. Public transportation vehicles on the island have not yet mandated passengers to wear masks, but Huang Limin suggests that it is best for the public to wear them to prevent sudden coughing and accidental spraying of pathogenic viruses. Guoguang Passenger Transport stated yesterday that it has been stipulated that drivers must take their body temperature before going to work; Personnel from the Kaohsiung Transportation Department of Taiwan Railways Administration stated that there has been an increase of nearly 10% in the number of passengers wearing masks recently. Schools or military camps with new cases of influenza reported in various parts of the island have strengthened disinfection yesterday, including the Longfeng Temple 88 Flood Relief Center in Jiaxian Township, Kaohsiung. Yesterday, some victims were sent to the hospital with fever, and the military quickly carried out environmental disinfection. The reporter visited Taiwan and major hospitals yesterday and found that about 10-20% of the visitors had already put on masks. The female employee of Zhuji Pie at National Taiwan University Food Street said she supports both employees and the public wearing masks. Mrs. Huang, who has one son, said, "I am very worried about the epidemic and will remind my children to wash their hands frequently and wear masks when taking the subway." Ma Ying jeou called a meeting of experts today and decided not to hold a "national security conference" on the new flu epidemic. Government spokesperson Wang Yu chi said yesterday that Ma Ying jeou will invite epidemic prevention experts to a meeting today to exchange opinions on the prevention of the new flu (H1N1). The epidemic prevention work has become a new wave of struggle between the blue and green parties. The Democratic Progressive Party criticized Ma Ying jeou for not activating the "national security" mechanism for epidemic prevention, and decided to invite former government officials to hold an epidemic prevention consultation meeting this Friday (28th) to provide specific suggestions and professional opinions for Ma's reference. Cluster infection of 200 officers and soldiers on a certain ship of the 168th Fleet of the Soviet Australian Navy has been reported to be in danger. As the ship is a main patrol vessel, it may affect the combat readiness of patrols; The Su'ao Zhongzheng Camp, where the 168th Fleet was stationed, was originally scheduled to open for visits on the 29th, but it was also announced to be cancelled. Yilan County Health Bureau Director Zhuang Shuzi said that after the officers and soldiers returned to the ship from vacation on the 22nd, some people began to show symptoms of new influenza, among which 8 officers and soldiers were more severe. After screening, two cases were confirmed as mild symptoms of new influenza. Zhuang Shuzi said that currently, all officers and soldiers on the ship cannot disembark and are being isolated and monitored in designated areas. ”Sun Yicheng, Director of Political Warfare at the Navy Command, stated that two officers and soldiers have confirmed mild H1N1 symptoms and are currently under home observation. As for the other eight individuals, they have been confirmed to have type A influenza and are currently being protected by wearing masks for all potential contacts. The latest statistics from Taiwan's Ministry of National Defense last night showed that there have been 44 confirmed cases of H1N1 influenza in the military, of which 36 have recovered and returned to the military, 6 have been hospitalized for treatment, and 2 have been quarantined at home. Among the 44 people, 4 have participated in disaster relief efforts. They are officers and soldiers from the Wanjin Camp and the Marine Corps 99th Brigade in Pingtung's dredging and relief work. These 4 people are all mild and are currently hospitalized for treatment.   Worried about the possibility of a conflict, the police also erected a human wall in front of the hospital to block it, and repeatedly raised signs to warn. However, Lin's parents couldn't listen and rushed into the hospital, holding masks and attacking anyone they saw. The family accused the hospital of delaying treatment and causing the death of the child. The hospital came forward to explain that Lin's younger brother was hospitalized on July 20th and admitted to the intensive care unit on July 25th. The next day, his condition worsened and he was urgently intubated. The hospital treated him with general cold and pneumonia for the past 7 days, and only sent the specimen to the health bureau for examination at 10 am on the 27th. At noon, the family requested to be transferred to another hospital until 9 pm. After testing, it was confirmed to be a severe case of H1N1 influenza. On August 3rd, the CDC launched a rapid screening. On August 21st, Lin Xiaobrother passed away due to ineffective treatment. Director of Pediatrics at the hospital: 'During the end of July, our hospital actually did not have a tool for H1N1 rapid screening.'. ”The hospital emphasized that the treatment process has been done to the best of their ability, and the health bureau also said that the hospital's notification process is not a problem. However, could we ignore the severity of the condition just because there were not many severe cases of the new flu at that time and there was no rapid screening method to diagnose it. From staying in the hospital to being diagnosed with the new flu, during these crucial 8 days, Lin's younger brother did not take the flu. Whether this is the main factor causing the death may need to be investigated by the judiciary.
The Ministry of Health plans to establish electronic medical records to solve the problem of expensive medical treatment. On August 4th, the Ministry of Health released a notice on its website soliciting opinions on the "Basic Architecture and Data Standards for Electronic Medical Records (Draft for Comments)", continuing to implement and promote the relevant work of medical and health system reform. The Opinion states that the establishment of electronic medical records is to ensure that health records are "counted and active" in order to achieve medical process supervision. It is necessary to record the summary information of medical expenses incurred by medical institutions in each clinic, in order to solve the problems of "difficult and expensive medical treatment" for residents. The Opinion first clarifies that electronic medical records are digital records of medical services provided by medical institutions to outpatient and inpatient patients (or healthcare recipients) for clinical diagnosis, treatment, guidance, and intervention. They are complete and detailed clinical information resources generated and recorded by individual residents during their visits to medical institutions. The primary goal at this stage is to meet the clinical information exchange and sharing needs between medical and health institutions within the region, and to achieve regional health collaboration based on health records and electronic medical records. The Opinion requires that the main content of electronic medical records should include: summary of medical records, outpatient (emergency) medical records, inpatient medical records, health examination records, referral records, legal medical certificates and reports, medical institution information, and activity records in seven business domains. Among them, relevant information on medical expenses must be recorded in the case summary. The Opinion points out that electronic medical records are based on individual residents, organically linking their previous visit times, reasons for visits, targeted medical service activities, and relevant information recorded in medical institutions, and scientifically classifying and abstractly describing the massive amount of information recorded. The main source of recorded content is various medical service work records (referred to as business activity records) generated by medical institutions during the process of providing clinical diagnosis, treatment, guidance and intervention for patients (or healthcare objects), mainly including 17 categories and 62 items. Doctors break the unwritten rules and boycott red envelopes, revealing the truth about the high cost of medical treatment. The new healthcare reform plan has been officially announced, aiming to alleviate the difficulty and high cost of medical treatment in 2011
The exam that Liu Nan is about to take is the college entrance examination, also known as the "first exam in China". This is a competition with many participants. According to incomplete statistics, in the just concluded 2009 National College Entrance Examination, there were 10.2 million students taking the exam. Due to intense competition, every July, the media often describes it as "thousands of troops and horses crossing a single wooden bridge". In order to live a good life as a "lone plank bridge", Liu Nan has already started her "exam preparation life" during the holidays: she wakes up at 6am every morning, arrives at school at 7am for morning self-study, and spends an hour studying English; The class starts at 8:30 am, with 4 classes in the morning and a lunch break at 12:00 pm. After lunch, I will lie down on the table and take a short break; There will be 4 classes again at 2:10 pm; We start evening self-study at 6:30 pm, have two major classes, and can only go home at 9:00 pm. There is still a lot of homework at home, and it usually takes until around 12 pm to finish it. Hurry up and wash your face, go to bed quickly, because you have to wake up early tomorrow. Liu Nan doesn't like her current living situation very much, but she also agrees, 'After all, the college entrance examination will determine my future destiny.' It can be foreseen that in the coming year, Liu Nan and her classmates will live in a time of intertwined longing and anxiety. In fact, not only Liu Nan is dissatisfied with the college entrance examination, but even the high school teachers and principals who hold the "whip" in her eyes are full of complaints when it comes to the current college entrance examination system.   In the eyes of this senior educator who has served as a high school principal for over a decade, primary and secondary schools have become "mercenaries" for the college entrance examination, especially high schools have become "preparatory classes" for universities: studying the content that needs to be tested in the college entrance examination, not studying or learning less if not tested. Hurriedly compressing the three-year completion plan stipulated in the high school curriculum to two years or even a year and a half, with the aim of squeezing out the remaining time to sprint towards the college entrance examination review, has compromised or even completely distorted the normal teaching of high school.   The three drafts of the college entrance examination reform have many similarities between the civilian and official versions of the reform plan, such as hierarchical admission and independent enrollment by universities, which are similar to many reforms in domestic fields. In this issue, the civilian version is one step ahead of the official version. Recently, the 21st Century Education Research Institute, a private education think tank in China, released a "private version" of the college entrance examination reform plan, which brings together the wisdom of numerous education experts, scholars, and frontline teachers. The basic idea of its reform is summarized as "unified examination, hierarchical and multi track, independent enrollment, multiple admissions, fairness and justice". Firstly, it is to implement a multi track and hierarchical unified subject knowledge examination. Research universities, undergraduate colleges, vocational colleges, and specialized colleges, as well as different disciplines, can adopt different examination subjects.   According to his introduction, in the college entrance examination plan he designed, it can be classified into different categories according to the characteristics of disciplines, that is, different tracks: literature, history, and philosophy can be classified into one category, pure basic science subjects such as mathematics, physics, and chemistry can be classified into one category, business administration majors can be classified into one category, and engineering and technology majors can also be classified into one category. In this way, different exam papers can be used to test different students, and the qualitative assessment of each candidate will be more accurate, "said Yang Dongping. Meanwhile, another highlight of this folk version of the college entrance examination reform plan is the implementation of the "National Academic Ability Level Test".   The academic proficiency test can be conducted three times a year and is valid for two years. Our goal is to establish a multi track and diversified examination and admission system based on a unified examination, with the core of expanding the choices of candidates and implementing the autonomy of university enrollment, "said Xiong Bingqi, a professor at Shanghai Jiao Tong University who directly handled this" private version "of the college entrance examination reform plan. At the level of education authorities, on the issue of college entrance examination reform, the calm sea level is surging. According to our reporter, the "Medium - and Long Term National Education Reform and Development Plan Outline" (hereinafter referred to as the "Plan Outline") currently under intense drafting involves the reform of the college entrance examination. Among the 11 major strategic thematic research groups established for drafting the "Outline of the Plan", "promoting quality education" is one of them, and "deepening the reform of the enrollment and examination system" is the most important part of this thematic group. At present, we have proposed three plans for the reform of the college entrance examination, mainly to address the issues of assessing students' comprehensive quality and determining their lifetime through one exam, "according to a person participating in the special group. Our reporter learned from people close to the drafting group that the three college entrance examination plans mentioned in the research report have their own focuses: Plan 1: Passing the high school academic proficiency exam is a prerequisite for participating in the college entrance examination and can be passed through multiple exams. The college entrance examination only covers three subjects: Chinese, mathematics, and foreign languages, and does not cover any science subjects. Colleges and universities select students based on their college entrance examination scores, as well as their high school academic proficiency test scores and comprehensive scores. Option 2: Passing the high school academic proficiency exam is a prerequisite for taking the college entrance examination, and passing multiple exams is possible. The college entrance examination is divided into five subject groups: Chinese, mathematics, foreign language, and any subject related to the applied major in the experimental subjects, and any subject related to the applied major in the humanities subjects, without distinction between arts and sciences. Colleges and universities select students based on their college entrance examination scores, as well as their high school academic proficiency test scores and comprehensive scores. Universities can admit students based on weighted average scores according to their training direction and objectives, with different weighting coefficients for different majors. Option 3: Separate enrollment exams for higher vocational colleges and regular higher education institutions. The exam content reflects different characteristics and is not divided into high and low levels. Demonstration higher vocational colleges and provinces with mature conditions should actively explore talent selection models that conform to the laws and characteristics of higher vocational education training. Students who are admitted to higher vocational colleges are also successful. In fact, observers familiar with the development of local education can easily find that some of the reform measures in the above plan have already been piloted locally, such as the separate admission of vocational colleges and universities involved in Plan 3, which Shanghai had already started piloting two years ago. According to the person in charge of the Shanghai Municipal Education Commission, there are now 16 vocational colleges that can admit candidates in advance without passing the college entrance examination.   It is not difficult to find many similarities between the folk version and the official version of the college entrance examination reform plan, such as hierarchical admission, independent enrollment by universities, and so on.   Yang Dongping, who has always been concerned about the reform of the college entrance examination, is also optimistic that "I believe the new reform plan for the college entrance examination system will be proposed in the near future, and there will definitely be significant changes compared to now".
The Ministry of Transport has revised the detailed rules of the Highway Management Regulations and deleted the road maintenance fees. On August 5th, Minister of Transport Li Shenglin recently signed Order No. 8 of 2009 of the Ministry of Transport of the People's Republic of China, announcing the "Decision on Amending the Implementation Rules of the Highway Management Regulations of the People's Republic of China" and deleting the "Highway Maintenance Fees" from the implementation rules of the Highway Management Regulations. The revised implementation regulations stipulate that the collection standards and management methods for various highway fees shall be formulated by the Ministry of Transport in conjunction with relevant departments of the State Council; The highway authorities of each province (autonomous region, municipality directly under the central government) may formulate implementation rules, which shall be implemented after approval by the provincial people's government. The implementation regulations stipulate that the vehicle tolls collected can only be used to repay loans and raise funds that need to be repaid, except for the maintenance of toll roads, bridges, tunnels, toll personnel, facilities and other normal expenses. The use of transitional fees collected, apart from the necessary expenses for ferry maintenance, is mainly used as construction funds for converting ferries into bridges. The implementation regulations emphasize that highway authorities at all levels should strengthen their leadership in the collection and management of tolls, transition fees, and other fees. No unit or individual shall transfer, misappropriate, abuse, withhold, or occupy highway fees under any name. For those who exceed the scope of use stipulated by the state and misappropriate highway fees for other construction and expenses, banks have the right to refuse payment, audit and finance departments have the right to investigate and claim compensation, and impose penalties in accordance with relevant national regulations. Highway management personnel who violate the provisions of the Regulations and Detailed Rules by being instructed or condoned by the responsible persons of their own units or higher-level units shall not only be held responsible, but also the relevant units and their responsible persons shall be held responsible. >Related reading: Beijing road maintenance fee refund information can be searched online. Shu Shengxiang: Is the motor vehicle pollution fee a new version of the road maintenance fee
On August 27th, China's Ministry of Public Security deployed a nationwide inspection of the safety of official firearms used by public security organs starting from August 1st. At present, the major inspection work is being carried out in an orderly manner. Public security organs in various regions attach great importance to it and quickly deploy, refine measures, and clarify responsibilities in accordance with the requirements of the Ministry of Public Security. It is reported that in order to solidly promote the safety inspection work, provincial public security organs have further refined their work tasks and measures, formulated work plans, and required public security organs at all levels to implement measures item by item, strictly prohibit formalism and going through the motions, and carry out the inspection work without compromise, in order to eliminate various safety hazards to the greatest extent possible. At the same time, public security organs in various regions have strengthened their supervision work. The Public Security Bureau of Cangzhou City, Hebei Province, dispatched four joint inspection teams to supervise and inspect the management and use of official firearms throughout the city from August 2nd to 6th. Starting from August 10th, the Suzhou Public Security Bureau in Jiangsu Province conducted individual inspections of 14 gun distribution units within the bureau. From August 3rd to 7th, the Anhui Provincial Public Security Department dispatched two working groups to conduct open and covert investigations in six cities including Anqing and Suzhou, and issued a notice of criticism and correction on the problems existing in the management and use of firearms in a few units. The Fujian Provincial Public Security Department conducted a safety inspection of its gun distribution units, comprehensively inspecting the storage facilities for firearms and ammunition, as well as the management and use of firearms. A total of 10 gun related units were inspected, 284 gun distribution personnel and 242 firearms were investigated, 89 firearms that exceeded the standard were retrieved, and 8 safety hazards were urged to be rectified. While conducting internal self inspections, the public security organs in Tianjin and Hebei also supervise and guide other units equipped with official firearms to carry out safety inspections. (Gong Zhi)
Experts say that 20% of pharmaceutical companies may go bankrupt during the healthcare reform. The "grassroots" version of the Essential Medicines List was released on the 18th, but a series of supporting measures are still needed to implement it. Relevant departments have also prepared a "timetable" for this. The relevant person in charge of the Ministry of Health said yesterday that the guidance price of essential medicines may be announced before the end of September. The implementation of the essential drug system at the end of the year was announced at a press conference held by the Ministry of Health yesterday. Zheng Hong, Director of the Drug Policy and Essential Drug System Department, stated in response to a reporter's question that retail pharmaceutical prices should be available no later than September according to the schedule. However, Zheng Hong left some room for this timing. He said that the Ministry of Health plans to implement the essential drug system in December, so these tasks need to be done in advance by the end of November, including adjusting the national basic medical insurance catalog, otherwise it will have an impact on the establishment of the national essential drug system. In addition to the guidance price, the reporter learned that in the "timetable", the "Clinical Application Guidelines for Essential Medicines" and "National Essential Medicines Prescription Collection" that regulate doctors' medication behavior are expected to be completed by the end of November. The new medical insurance catalogue will also be adjusted and completed by the end of November. How much can drug prices be reduced after the cancellation of the basic drug system with a 15% markup on drug prices? Zheng Hong said in an interview after the meeting that it is difficult to calculate this proportion. According to preliminary calculations by the national price control department, the average price reduction of essential drugs is about 10%. At the same time, zero margin sales of essential drugs will be implemented at the grassroots level, and the 15% drug markup will be cancelled. When the two are added together, the public can purchase basic drugs at grassroots medical and health institutions at a price that is at least 25% cheaper. After the national announcement of the guidance price, the provincial government will determine the specific retail price in the local area based on the bidding and distribution situation within the range of the guidance price. But Zheng Hong said yesterday that the cancellation of the 15% markup on drug prices is certain, but it is difficult to calculate how much lower drug prices will be compared to now after the implementation of the basic drug system. 20% of pharmaceutical companies may go bankrupt, affecting our newspaper. Yesterday, CCTV reported that Zheng Hong, Director of the Drug Policy and Essential Medicines System Department of the Ministry of Health, said at a press conference that the overall production and operation of drugs are in a state of overcapacity. Experts say that 20% of pharmaceutical companies may go bankrupt during the transformation. Zheng Hong said that in the process of designing the basic drug system, due to the involvement of multiple links and the adjustment of the interests of all parties involved. At present, pharmaceutical production and operation enterprises are generally in a state of overcapacity. The implementation of bidding procurement for essential drugs cannot guarantee that all manufacturers of the same type of drugs will win the bid, which will have an impact on some enterprises and lead to mergers and reorganizations. In addition, he said that with the implementation of essential drugs, centralized procurement, unified distribution, and reduction of intermediate links will be implemented. The bidding procurement price includes distribution costs, which has caused price increases for the repeated wholesale of drugs in the past and increased the burden of medication on the general public. This phenomenon is expected to be fundamentally solved. Zhang Yanlin, the research director of China Investment Consulting, believes that the new healthcare reform focuses on grassroots level, and the newly released list of essential drugs also places more emphasis on township health centers and community health institutions. This can not only provide more benefits for the people, but also indicate that due to its small scope, it will not have a significant impact on the entire pharmaceutical industry in the short term.   According to the work requirements, the Ministry of Health will work with relevant departments to gradually formulate and release supporting documents such as "Several Opinions on the Procurement and Distribution of National Essential Medicines (Interim)", "Management Measures for the Use of Essential Medicines in Medical Institutions (Interim)", "Quality Supervision and Management Measures for National Essential Medicines", "Clinical Application Guidelines for National Essential Medicines", "National Essential Medicines Prescription Collection", etc., and cooperate with relevant departments to formulate and publish the retail guidance prices for national essential medicines, and complete the adjustment of the basic medical insurance drug catalog. This edition is written by (except for authorship)/Our reporter, Wu Peng. Keyword 1: Medication standards must be based on the "prescription set", with priority given to basic drugs. The focus of the press conference is on the situation where treating a common cold can cost hundreds of yuan, and it may be coming to an end soon. Zheng Hong, Director of the Drug Policy and Essential Medicines System Department of the Ministry of Health, stated yesterday that the Clinical Application Guidelines for Essential Medicines and the National Essential Medicines Prescription Collection are expected to be completed by the end of November. The reporter learned that these two technical documents will specifically guide the medication behavior of medical institutions and medical personnel, especially those in primary healthcare institutions. Yesterday, officials from the Ministry of Health explained that the two technical documents themselves have rigid requirements. For example, when encountering a common disease, medication should be prescribed according to the prescription, with basic drugs being the first choice. But at the same time, it also provides doctors with some flexibility in medication use. For example, if the patient has complications or is not suitable for using the basic drugs specified in the prescription set, doctors can choose their own medication to ensure the treatment of the patient. This is the manifestation of rigidity and elasticity in two technical documents. But will this' elasticity 'create space for doctors to misuse medication? This person stated that the medical government and hospitals will supervise the medication used by doctors, and regulations will be included in the management documents issued. However, the future form of the 'prescription collection' is still uncertain and is currently under development. Zheng Hong also stated that the Essential Medicines Guidelines will further standardize doctors' medication methods. Keyword 2, drug selection: Difficult to treat drugs will also be included in the list. Recently, this newspaper reported that "tumor drugs are expected to be included in the basic drug list". Zheng Hong confirmed this and stated that, in addition to tumor drugs, drugs used to treat difficult symptoms such as leukemia will also be included in the "other" section of the basic drug list. However, another person from the Ministry of Health stated that there is still discussion on this catalog. He revealed that he will do his best to cooperate with the pilot work of public hospital reform to promote the specific release schedule.   This person explained that the "non primary" section of the Essential Medicines List mainly includes drugs for treating difficult and severe diseases, and some drugs even require qualified doctors to use. Zheng Hong said that this section will also include Western medicine and traditional Chinese medicine, but he did not respond regarding the types and quantities. According to officials from the Ministry of Health, the quantity of essential drugs in the "non grassroots" section may be less than that in the "grassroots" section. Why is the drug catalog "delayed" by 4 months? The list of essential drugs, originally scheduled to be announced at the end of April, was not released until August. The reporter learned that in fact, more than 500 varieties had already been developed for review in April. Officials from the Ministry of Health revealed to reporters that these more than 500 varieties include the currently announced "grassroots" part and the unpublished "other" part, which are combined into one catalog. The selection of over 500 drugs for review has not only undergone dozens of rounds of argumentation and evaluation by the core consulting expert group and the professional review expert group, but also more than 200 experts from 31 provinces organized by relevant departments for review and voting. After the review, the Ministry of Health organized more than 200 grassroots medical experts from 11 provinces to evaluate and vote on the varieties in the "National Essential Medicines List" review, and selected 307 varieties as the "Drug List · Grassroots Part" varieties, which are currently published. A spokesperson from the Ministry of Health stated that some drugs in the "Other" section of the catalog are still under discussion, so the current method of releasing them in batches has been adopted. The implementation of the basic drug system in large hospitals requires a "legal" basis. It is expected that the basic drug system will significantly reduce the burden of medical expenses on patients. Yu Xuezhong, director of the emergency department of Peking Union Medical College Hospital, stated that the decrease in drug prices is not only due to the government's unified bidding and procurement, but more importantly, the basic drug system can regulate doctors' medication behavior, no longer prescribing large prescriptions or using unnecessary high priced drugs. Yu Xuezhong, an inspector of the convenience of diagnosis and treatment networking, believes that it is not enough to only have technical medication guidelines and prescription sets in the clinical medical behavior of large hospitals, because in general hospitals, patients' conditions vary greatly, and doctors can use different drugs for various diagnostic reasons. Therefore, mandatory measures of administrative regulations are needed to require doctors to first select drugs from the essential drug list based on the needs of patients' conditions. In Beijing, every doctor's prescription and patient's diagnosis can be recorded and saved in an information-based manner, and can be inspected at any time. If doctors are found to frequently and unreasonably use non essential drugs, their professional reputation and qualifications should be questioned and corresponding penalties should be imposed. Based on the actual situation, Yu Xuezhong suggested that after the government centralized bidding and procurement of essential drugs, it should be stipulated that hospitals should not purchase other drugs of the same variety and dosage form as the essential drugs.   Our reporter, Wei Mingyan
Ma Ying jeou has been postponed to October to take over as the chairman of the Kuomintang. According to Xinhua News Agency, the 18th National Congress of the Kuomintang, originally scheduled for September 12th, has been postponed to October. In addition, the Central Committee elections scheduled for August 22nd and the Central Standing Committee elections scheduled for September 6th have also been postponed to October. At the afternoon Central Standing Committee meeting, Kuomintang Chairman Wu Po hsiung officially led the proposal as chairman to postpone the schedule of the Central Committee and Standing Committee elections, as well as the date of the 18th plenary session. Ma Ying jeou officially took over as the chairman of the Kuomintang, and it was postponed from September 12th to October.   It is understood that Wu Boxiong insists on completing the handover of the party chairman as scheduled. Until Ma Ying jeou personally communicated and negotiated with Wu Po hsiung after the press conference, Wu Po hsiung decided to respect the wishes of the party chairman elect, postpone the relevant schedules such as the 18th National Congress, Central Committee and Central Standing Committee elections, and formally propose to the Central Standing Committee in person on the afternoon of the 19th. Kuomintang spokesperson and chairman of the Cultural Heritage Committee, Li Chien rong, stated that in the morning, Wu Po hsiung invited Vice Chairman and Secretary General Wu Den yi, as well as top party officials, to inform him and Ma Ying jeou to discuss the postponement of the 18th National Congress and important elections within the party. Before the afternoon Central Standing Committee meeting, Wu Boxiong will also invite all vice chairpersons to discuss the postponement of the 18th National Congress and internal party elections. Li Jianrong stated that Wu Boxiong had originally hoped for a timely handover, but considering that Ma Ying jeou had announced the suspension of the October celebration and the cancellation of his visit to the South Pacific Friendship Summit in October, there was room for discussion on whether party activities should be held as scheduled. Therefore, it was decided to respect the wishes of the party chairman elect and postpone the important elections and major agenda within the party.
Ma Ying jeou also issued a commendation order to recognize and express gratitude to Wang Zongli for his sacrifice in disaster relief. According to Taiwan's "Central News Agency", Liu Zhaoxuan also awarded the "Executive Yuan" First Class Model Medal, and "Minister of the Interior" Liao Liao presented the "Ministry of the Interior" First Class Professional Medal.   Typhoon Morakot caused serious disasters. On the 11th, Wang Zongli and three others were piloting a helicopter to assist in disaster relief when the helicopter crashed and unfortunately died in the line of duty. (Luo Yuming)
China's new energy plan is expected to be completed within the year, with a focus on developing four major areas. Although the financial crisis still attracts worldwide attention, a green wave with the theme of new energy revolution and low-carbon economy is sweeping the globe.   In this context, what is the current situation of China's new energy development and where is the future path for new energy? On August 9th, the first Asian Energy Forum was held in Guangzhou.     Shang Yong believes that in order to overcome the current financial crisis, in addition to a series of temporary measures, the key is to create a new industry with a real economy worth tens of trillions of dollars to drive the world economy out of difficulties and become the leading industry in the new growth cycle. Obviously, the biotechnology and nanotechnology related industries are currently unable to overcome this heavy responsibility, and only the new energy industry cluster has the conditions to rise and can take on the role of an engine. The development focus of the new energy industry mainly lies in four key areas: the widespread application of renewable energy represented by solar energy, wind energy, and biomass energy; Upgrading traditional energy sources such as coal, oil, and gas towards cleanliness; Advanced nuclear energy has entered a new wave of development; Clean power promotes a major technological revolution in automobiles. New energy technologies and products have a wide coverage, involving almost all fields such as industry, agriculture, transportation, service industry, public facilities, and households, covering the entire industry chain of energy, materials, equipment, and daily consumer goods. They can not only drive the upgrading and updating of traditional industries, but also form emerging industries. There is already a strong accumulation of innovation in new energy and low-carbon technologies, which have the conditions for large-scale commercialization. As long as government support policies are in place, they can provide strong driving force for the rise of the green wave, "said Shang Yong. How is the development of the new energy industry in China, where the energy consumption per unit of GDP has decreased by 10.1% in three years? How to plan for the future? Regarding this, Sun Qin stated on the forum that it is expected to complete the development plan for emerging energy within the year, and the technology development and application of clean coal energy will occupy an important position in the plan.   It is reported that China's hydropower, nuclear power, wind energy, solar energy, and bioenergy industries have all achieved rapid growth. For example, the installed capacity of wind power generation has doubled for three consecutive years, and the total installed capacity currently ranks fourth in the world; The total amount of solar power generation ranks first in the world.   The output value of new energy in Guangzhou reached 400 billion yuan in 2010. As the largest economy among all provinces, cities, and districts in China, Guangdong is also one of the provinces with the most energy shortages. Guangdong Provincial Party Secretary Wang Yang stated at the forum that Guangdong will strengthen guidance and services for the new energy industry in terms of pricing, taxation, and finance. At present, nuclear power is one of the key areas of Guangdong's new energy industry. Li Miaojuan, Director of Guangdong Provincial Development and Reform Commission, revealed at the forum that "as the province with the highest installed capacity of nuclear power in China, both existing and under construction, it is expected that by 2020, the total installed capacity of nuclear power in Guangdong will reach 24 million kilowatts, further improving Guangdong's energy consumption structure." Li Miaojuan believes that the growth of Guangdong's nuclear power installed capacity will also drive the development of China's nuclear power manufacturing industry. At present, the nuclear power manufacturing base invested and constructed by Dongfang Electric in Nansha, Guangzhou is progressing smoothly, and a series of equipment including million kilowatt level nuclear reactor pressure vessels can be independently completed by Chinese enterprises. In addition to large state-owned enterprises, a group of small and medium-sized enterprises, especially private enterprises, in Guangdong have also actively participated in the nuclear power manufacturing industry and achieved good development results. Guangzhou Mayor Zhang Guangning introduced at the forum that last year, Guangzhou formulated the first domestic development plan for new and renewable energy, and by 2010, the output value of new energy in Guangzhou will reach 400 billion yuan. At the same time, in order to prepare for the 2010 Guangzhou Asian Games, all key power generation enterprises in Guangzhou need to undergo desulfurization transformation. At the same time, for the sake of urban environmental protection, new energy vehicles have also become the new favorite of Guangzhou's new energy planning.  
Typhoon Morakot made landfall in Taiwan, causing 1 death and 2 missing. Taiwan Strait Network reported on August 8th that the Central Weather Bureau of Taiwan stated that the center of Typhoon Morakot made landfall near Hualien City at 11:50 pm on the 7th, and the storm circle covered the entire Taiwan, making wind and rain more pronounced in various places. The maximum wind force at the center during landing is 13 levels. The storm has caused one death and two missing persons in Taiwan so far. Under the influence of Morakot, Taiwan had many strong storms, and some areas recorded more than 600mm rainfall. A woman in Keelung suspects that she accidentally fell into the sea while watching the waves and died. A fishing boat overturned in the Pingtung waters, and two people fell into the sea and went missing. A Cambodian workboat and a Marshall oil tanker ran aground off Pingtung, and all 27 crew members of the two ships were rescued. >Related reading: Typhoon Morakot is slowly approaching, and disaster reports are spreading throughout Taiwan. Typhoon Morakot's speed has slowed down again, and it will make landfall on Taiwan Island from late at night until tomorrow morning
Ministry of Civil Affairs: Funeral and body cremation should adhere to the principle of public welfare. International Online Report (Reporter, Li?): Vice Minister of Civil Affairs Dou Yupei stated on the 24th that he will continue to adhere to the reform direction of cremation and reform of burial. Basic services such as body transportation, refrigeration, cremation, and ash storage should adhere to the principle of public welfare and gradually be included in the scope of government public services. Dou Yupei pointed out that funerals are an important part of social life and have an undeniable impact on social development and progress. The funeral reform with the purpose of saving land, protecting the environment, changing customs and lightening the burden of the masses is in line with the basic national conditions of countrymen, which is characterized by a large population, a small land and scarce resources, and the basic requirements of building a well-off society and a harmonious socialist society in an all-round way. To further deepen the reform of funeral and burial, several key tasks should be focused on: firstly, to thoroughly study the direction of funeral and burial reform and steadfastly promote it. We must continue to adhere to the reform direction of cremation and earth burial, and guide the masses to establish positive and healthy funeral behaviors. The second is to deeply understand the arduous nature of funeral reform and accurately grasp the pace of promotion. We must unify the promotion of reform with economic and social development, and combine it with the vital interests of the people. Thirdly, we must seriously study the marketization of funeral services and promote innovation in funeral management systems and mechanisms. We need to further reform the management system, innovate the operating mechanism, improve the service system, and meet the multi-level funeral needs of the masses. The fourth is to strengthen government responsibility and give full play to the leading role of the government in providing basic funeral services. Basic services such as body transportation, refrigeration, cremation, and ash storage should adhere to the principle of public welfare and gradually be included in the scope of government public services. Fifth, we must adhere to the principle of putting people first and effectively improve the level of funeral management and services. We must establish a people-oriented awareness, handle the relationship between respecting citizens' basic rights and maintaining the order of funeral management, and take improving the quality of funeral services as an important means to safeguard the rights and interests of the masses and meet their funeral needs.
According to official figures released by Taiwan, the foreign exchange reserves at the end of July were 321.094 billion US dollars, an increase of 3.53 billion US dollars from June. Liu Zhaoxuan said that the finance department is expected to announce a medium-term plan in about a month, which will gradually reduce the regular budget from next year to control the increasingly serious financial problems; When cross-strait relations are expanding at an unprecedented pace, it may be considered to include the Chinese yuan in foreign exchange reserves. When talking about Taiwan's energy policy, Liu Zhaoxuan said in Taipei on Thursday that after the completion of the construction of Taiwan's fourth nuclear power plant, it will promote the use of more nuclear power and achieve the goal of a low-carbon energy mix. Liu Zhaoxuan believes that due to geographical limitations, crowded Taiwan is not suitable for developing large-scale renewable energy plans, but it can become the main supplier of solar and wind power industrial equipment.
We hope that Myanmar can properly resolve domestic issues, take all necessary measures to restore border order and stability, and effectively safeguard the personal and property safety of Chinese citizens in Myanmar.     (End) There have been no comments. I want to comment. China hopes that all parties will continue to guide the situation in Northeast Asia to change. China is willing to maintain a good momentum of high-level exchanges with Japan. China's border patrols will not cross into the airspace and territory of other countries
Lee Teng hui expresses dissatisfaction with the improvement of Sino Japanese relations in his speech in Japan. On September 7th, former Taiwan leader Lee Teng hui, who is currently visiting Japan, threatened the new Japanese regime during his speech, clamoring to strengthen Taiwan Japan relations and claiming that "Taiwan controls Japan's destiny". He also advocated that Taiwan and Japan should not be misled by the carrots of the mainland in front of them, and threatened that Taiwan Japan relations were collapsing.     He believes that the Japan Taiwan relationship is gradually collapsing and must be rebuilt and strengthened.     He also shouted that Japan should stop kowtowing to China.   In April of this year, the Japanese Xinhua Overseas Chinese News detailed several of Lee Teng hui's previous trips to Japan. The article commented that as he entered his senior years, Lee Teng hui was still unwilling to be alone, and his every trip to Japan was a "drunken man's intention is not to drink". However, Lee Teng hui's various "small actions" could no longer reverse the overall peace and development of cross-strait relations, and ultimately could not change the mutually beneficial relationship between China and Japan based on strategic interests.
Medical institutions of the National Medical Products Administration are not allowed to sell drugs online in any form. Today, the National Food and Drug Administration reiterated on its website that no medical institution is allowed to sell drugs online. The State Food and Drug Administration reported that as of July 31, 2009, only 12 websites had been approved to provide Internet drug trading services to individual consumers. The State Food and Drug Administration reminds consumers to choose legal and legitimate websites when purchasing drugs online. The State Food and Drug Administration reiterated that the Interim Provisions on the Examination and Approval of Internet Drug Trading Services issued in 2005 specifically emphasized that any website run by any medical unit shall not engage in any form of Internet drug trading services. Websites engaged in Internet drug information services and trading services should indicate the information of the Internet Drug Information Service Qualification Certificate or Internet Drug Trading Service Qualification Certificate in a prominent position. On the Internet, only over-the-counter drugs can be sold to individual consumers.
The online game "Daughter's Country" is similar to real-life love (Part 1). Playing Daughter's Country reminds me of Journey to the West, which in turn reminds me of many cups and utensils. When I first saw the appearance of Pigsy, I remembered the tragedy of Pigsy - written at the beginning. Zhu Bajie and Cuilan, Chang'e - The Flower Heart Road of Repeated Defeat and Battle. Zhu Bajie's experience in women's issues is very bumpy. This kind of hardship began when he became a fairy, when Chang'e. The beauty of Chang'e is evident in the Heavenly Palace, and Zhu Bajie is not blind. His first encounter was filled with a spring heart. In order to establish a good relationship with Chang'e, Tianpeng can only rely on drinking to alleviate his worries. Alcohol is not only a poison that penetrates the intestines, but also an aphrodisiac that causes trouble. After drinking three cups of yellow soup, Tianpeng broke into the Guanghan Palace and confessed his love to Chang'e. The process of confessing love, due to the influence of alcohol, inevitably involves some physical actions. So Chang'e sued the Jade Emperor. In fact, the same behavior, if she likes you, that's the mood; if she doesn't like you, that's flirting. The Jade Emperor's thunderous anger transformed Tianpeng from a naval commander in the Heavenly Palace to a pig that only knew how to play with a rake. Who can be blamed for this matter? Actually, it's still due to Tianpeng's lack of social experience, after all, finding a wife also requires skills. However, Tianpeng acted recklessly and did not conduct an investigation before taking action against Chang'e. Why did Chang'e, such a beautiful woman, live alone on the moon for many years? Why does Yang Jian flaunt his relationship with Chang'e everywhere? With a little thought, one should know the unusual relationship between Chang'e, the Jade Emperor, and Yang Jian. Some women cannot be touched, they have backgrounds, while you only have backs. With the stimulation of Chang'e, when Zhu Bajie meets Gao Cuilan, she naturally becomes much more cautious. First, with the tall image of a hero saving the beauty, I moved into the Gao family. Then use diligent and capable means to make the two elders of the Gao family appreciate. Judging the situation again, he became the son-in-law of the Gao family. This was supposed to be a perfect love performance, and Cuilan was filled with joy for him, while the two elders of the Gao family were overjoyed. However, extreme joy inevitably brings sorrow, as Zhu Bajie's marriage was ruined by alcohol. On the wedding night, I drank my head and revealed my true body, which scared the people of Gaojiazhuang and even scared the second Miss of Gaojia to tears. In fact, when she was scared and cried, she comforted him and the girl calmed down. After all, Cuilan still had a good impression of him. Unfortunately, Zhu Bajie made another big mistake in his life by placing Miss Cuilan under house arrest. This has directly brought their relationship to freezing point. Getting married is the same as not getting married. This is the tragedy of Zhu Bajie.
Teach you how to conquer the Wheel of Fate dungeon in Empire OL, why is Empire OL so popular? This is not unrelated to its excellent game quality. Empire OL has the most exquisite game graphics, the most gorgeous combat skills, the most unique country design, and the most free career growth, while the distinctive dungeons in the Empire each arouse countless players' desire for challenge. In the current expansion pack "King of Glory", the Wheel of Fate dungeon is the most difficult one. Let me talk about a simple guide below. Professional requirements: At least one level 60 self hiding black spell, with clouds, can be used for a day if not needed (can be obtained by brushing the Broken Intestine Cliff instance cow breed for a day). Then you can bring any profession, but this profession must have high skills, know Holy Shield, and be able to ensure that no turn is full of demons (with Eternal Return or other recovery equipment). When the wheel is turned, the Holy Shield can escape, and when the small boss is turned, the Holy Shield can be used to throw medicine to the Fa (do not escape, otherwise you will not be able to obtain fragments). Finally, when the wheel is turned, the Holy Shield+escape is enough. Attribute requirements: Magic attack of 2500 or more, elemental life of around 330, dual resistance of 400 or more, mana of around 7500-8000. Skill requirements: ordinary black passive skill, active thunder explosion or fire rain, acid arrow level 21, cold ice cone level 1. Preparation items: 20 super (high-quality) magic attack potions, extremely effective magic attack potions don't matter how much, throw them when forming a team, and also bring some recovery potions and resurrection potions. They are useful when forming a team, and the extra will be used next time. Pre dungeon quest (entry method): First, open the Empire map, find Maya, use a teleportation stone to enter the far right Quetzalcoatl Temple, and then do two tasks for the "Guardian Wolf - Cody". The first is to kill the spider next to it to obtain the task item, which can be easily abused by black magic. The second is to kill the son of the Red Scorpion in the upper left corner, which is a wheel, but it is also very easy. After completion, you can enter destiny every day! Here's a little trick: after the first entry, talk to the door and take on tasks, don't hand them in, and then you can enter every day without using teleportation stones. After passing them in every day, talk to the door and choose to leave! Specific process of the dungeon: First, take a cloud ride to the center to receive a mission. The first task is to break pieces, which can be obtained by fighting the black sword in the map, all of which are wheel battles. There are Sword Guards and Explosive Blades in the left and middle wheels of the map, while there are none on the right. Strategy: In the first few rounds, there are small monsters. First, thunder and explode for seconds to resist the monsters. Then, use acid arrows to hit the lowest monster in the front row 4 times, followed by thunder and explosion 2 times. For those with high lifespans, you can use the remaining magic strategy. Use acid arrows to kill the anti monsters, then hit the lowest monster in the front row twice, and then thunder and explosion. Finally, let's talk about the little boss. First, use Thunder Blast to fight against monsters, then use Acid Arrow to hit two stacked hits, drink two bottles of super (excellent) medicine, and finally continue Thunder Blast. You can also use the remaining magic gameplay above, depending on your ability. (Tip: When fighting against a small boss, it is best to check your own state. If you are immobilized or in chaos, retreat forcefully to save medicine. Also, sometimes after swallowing the medicine, you may find that the monster at the bottom of the front row is difficult to kill. It is recommended to retreat forcefully to save medicine.). If you hit the left side, the swordsman will use cold ice to hit the red monster in the middle until he dies. If you reach 10 fragments, hand over the task and take on the final task. If you're lucky, you can hit 2 fragments at once. It's best to team up and fight in the end, because being immobilized is very troublesome. You don't even need to throw medicine in front of the wheels and keep fighting. In the end, everyone agreed on who to throw it to, and it's best to give it to the slowest shooter who keeps thundering or raining. If you have the ability, you can use the same method as before. The final boss drinks 3 to 4 bottles of super (excellent) medicine to fight... If you team up, you can use 2 to 5 methods, depending on your ability. Task Item: Wheel of Fate Guard Fragments (limited to 24 hours, each occupying 1 space in the item column) Guard Key Pack (with mounts that ignore terrain that can be thrown away directly) Copy Reward: Wheel of Fate Reward x 1 Legendary Zombie Summoning Stone x 1 Gold Secret Transmission Box x 1 Diamond x 5 Fate Reward can be opened to various alchemy materials and first level finished enchanted scrolls, as well as two Dark Night mounts (Dark Night Lord and Dark Night Beast King), the best of which is of course the Dark Night Lord! The golden transmission box can be opened with a golden key to two alchemy materials, and one diamond can be sold for 100000 copper coins. I wish everyone can find what they want!
The spring masterpiece "Aura's Glory" was launched with great popularity. In order to present the original highlights of the game, the PC single player game "Aura" was perfectly ported to mobile phones after eight months. The game tells the story that the beautiful continent of Ora is the most perfect work of God, and the continent relies on the Gila crystal to obtain endless energy from it. It gave birth to intelligent humans, mysterious elves, and powerful Gallic people. In the blink of an eye, human mechanized technology has made up for the shortcomings of the body, becoming the most powerful race on the continent and establishing the imperial capital as the center of communication for the people of the entire continent. The elf race is friendly to nature and has the power to control it. Most of them are accustomed to living in lush forests. The Gali people have the strongest bodies, are at peace with the world, and silently build their most primitive homeland. However, a mysterious big explosion shattered everything, and the powerful energy of the underground Gila crystal tore apart the entire continent, causing climate and environmental degradation! The chaotic situation has given rise to a new profession, which is mercenaries. Perfect combat talent can excel in completing all difficult tasks and earn rewards accordingly. The story begins from here on....
New Year's gift giveaway activity for the mobile online game "World War II Storm". Recharge and receive a top-notch officer set. In order to give back to the support of players for World War II Storm, players who have accumulated a certain amount of recharge this week will receive a rising officer set! 【 Event Time 】 January 25th, 00:00- January 29th, 15:00 【 Specific Details 】 Recharge accumulated over 300 yuan: Free Rising Economy Package x1 Recharge accumulated over 500 yuan: Free Rising Economy Package x1, Rising Technology Package x1 Recharge accumulated over 1000 yuan: Free Rising Economy Package x1, Rising Technology Package x1, Rising War Package x1 Recharge accumulated over 1500 yuan: Free Rising Economy Package x2, Rising Technology Package x2, Rising War Package x2 Recharge accumulated over 2000 yuan: Free Rising Economy Package x3, Rising Technology Package x3, Rising War Package x3【 Rising Military Set Description: 1. The Rising War Set includes: Rising Military Hat, Rising Military Sword, Rising Military Clothing, Rising Military Belt, Rising Military Medal, Rising Military Jewelry, Rising Military Leather Shoes, Rising Military Pendant, Rising Military Armband. The Rising War Set can increase the military attributes of officers by 108 points! Let your brute force move faster! And get terrifying combat bonuses! 2. The Rising Economy Set includes: Rising Logistics Hat, Rising Logistics Sword, Rising Logistics Clothing, Rising Logistics Belt, Rising Logistics Medal, Rising Logistics Jewelry, Rising Logistics Leather Shoes, Rising Logistics Pendant, Rising Logistics Armband. The Rising Economy Set can increase the logistics attributes of officers by 108 points! Let your resources produce more! Don't worry about developing troops! 3. The Rising Technology Set includes: Rising Knowledge Hat, Rising Knowledge Sword, Rising Knowledge Clothing, Rising Knowledge Belt, Rising Knowledge Medal, Rising Knowledge Jewelry, Rising Knowledge Leather Shoes, Rising Knowledge Pendant, Rising Knowledge Armband. The Rising Technology Set can increase officer knowledge attributes by 108 points! Let you develop faster! Use tactics to make the enemy tremble at the sound! On January 29th at 16:00, the list of award-winning players for each server will be announced on the official forum, and the Rising Officer Set will be directly credited to the winning player's account! Note: To maintain player privacy and not affect normal gameplay, the list of winners will only be announced based on the player's registered account, and the last three will be hidden! Activity 2: Get a 50% discount coupon for online Q&A. To increase the fun of the game and liven up the player atmosphere, a World War II prize winning Q&A event will be held in the game this week! 【 Event Content 】 1. Question format: GM posts a question about World War II on the World Channel. 2. Answering method: Players submit their answers to the GM via email. Each player is limited to answering once, and multiple answers will be based on the first submitted answer. 3. Answering time: 10 minutes after the question is announced, and answering thereafter is invalid. 4. Activity rewards: Players who answer correctly within the specified time will receive a 50% discount coupon and 5 radio speakers! 【 Event Time 】 January 26th to January 30th. Note: The final interpretation of this event belongs to the official World War II Fengyun. To learn about World War II, familiarize yourself with it, love it, and enjoy it, dear player, how could you miss it?
The April Fool's Day prank event of "Kyushu OL" made a brilliant debut on April 1st, which falls on April Fool's Day. On the day of the festival, regardless of gender or age, people can joke and deceive each other in exchange for entertainment.   Fresh news about specific activity content: Activity 1: Refine immensely, reward Kyushu heroes with ten thousand gold. Activity time: April 1st 11:00- May 31st 24:00. Target audience: All players on the entire server. Activity rules: 1. During the activity, if all body equipment parts except for shields, including chest armor, helmets, belts, shoes, headwear, rings, bracelets, necklaces, and weapons, are refined by more than+20 (including+20), customers can call customer service to request refinement rewards. 2. During the event, the activity post for this activity will be placed at the top of the forum. Players who participate in the activity and meet the reward conditions can leave valid information or attach screenshots for verification by customer service staff before sending the reward. 3. If the whole body is refined to+25, you will receive a cash prize of 10000 yuan. 4. The equipment participating in the activity must be of unique quality or higher, namely unique equipment, curse equipment, and purification curse equipment. Event rewards: 1. Players who refine their full body equipment to 20 can receive 200 yuan in cash and 1 super value curse gift package, which includes 200 magic cores and 1 purification symbol. 2. Players who refine their full body equipment to 21 can receive 500 yuan in cash and 1 super value curse gift package. 3. Players who refine their full body equipment to 22 can receive 1000 yuan in cash and 1 super value curse gift package. 4. Players who refine their full body equipment to 23 can receive 2000 yuan in cash and 1 super value curse gift package. 5. Players who refine their full body equipment to 24 can receive 5000 yuan in cash and 1 super value curse gift package. 6. Players who refine their full body equipment to 25 can receive 10000 yuan in cash and 1 super value curse gift package. 5 Great Value Curse Gift Pack Activity 2. Lotto Fool Shopping Madness Activity Time: April 1st Activity Target: All Players on the Server Activity Rules: 1 On April Fool's Day, certain high-value items will randomly appear in the gold ingot discount store for half price sales. 2. After the items appear in the gold ingot discount store, the system will prompt players to "Don't miss out on the lottery April Fool's Day value" to purchase them. All items may appear in the discount store, so don't miss it! Activity 3: The Ghost Story of Qiannu Full of Love Activity Time: April 1st 11:00- April 5th 24:00 Activity Target: All players across the server Activity Rules: 1. During the activity period, every 5 minutes, the system will prompt "Nie Xiaoqian has escaped from grandma's cave" and also prompt Nie Xiaoqian's escape route. Players go to the prompted map to search for Nie Xiaoqian. The first player to find and talk to Nie Xiaoqian can get value-added props and one of "Xiaoqian's Golden Bell Cover, Xiaoqian's Soul Fragments, Xiaoqian's Ash Heap". 2. Collect "Xiaoqian's Golden Bell Cover, Xiaoqian's Ash Heap". The soul fragments of Xiao Qian and her ashes can be found in the NPC of the main city“ Exchange an item [Black Mountain Scroll] at Tianji Taoist "3. Near the coordinates of Huaguo Mountain (26, 54), use [Black Mountain Scroll] to summon the" Old Monster of Black Mountain ". After defeating the Old Monster of Black Mountain, you can get the rewards of super value props such as magic core, gold spirit stone, essence of spirit stone, etc.: What are you hesitating about? Join the Kyushu World quickly, and experience the wonderful game world with more than 10000 heroes and women. The most popular mobile online game of Chinese in 2010! Happiness is in your hands, what are you waiting for? Create the most popular mobile online game in China - "Kyushu Online", and win your own gift.
Pearl Fantasy creates epic equipment for free on the battlefield of magical journeys. To become the ultimate winner, you need to face powerful enemies and monsters. Therefore, the advantageous way to eliminate them is to create top-notch equipment for yourself. High quality equipment can make everyone stand tall and win every battle! Now Fantasy is launching a brand new Hidden World series of equipment! Allowing non RMB players to personally create invincible divine weapons, giving everyone a different fantasy journey and a happier gaming experience. Players can now collect the raw materials for building stealth series equipment for free. After crafting, you will receive the highest level equipment, including the 90 level Fate Judgment Belt, the 80 level Silver Moon Chain, and the 70 level Dragon Teeth. This equipment is crucial for players, whether it's leveling up monsters or exploring small islands. It can unleash all of the player's potential and help them reach an unprecedented level. Pearl Fantasy now gives you a chance to create a unique and unparalleled divine weapon that belongs only to you! Pearl of the Eye "Pearl Fantasy" (WAP official website: hx. pipgame.cn) Countless wonderful experiences await you to experience! May 'Pearl Fantasy' become the apple of billions of players' eyes!
Xiaoao Farm is the best choice for the tertiary industry. Since the spring of 2010, the drought in the southwest region has been continuously expanding, gradually extending from Yunnan to Sichuan, Guizhou, western Guangxi and other places, with over 50 million people affected. This rare century drought has affected nearly 5 million hectares of crops, with 400000 hectares of fertile land experiencing no harvest and 20 million compatriots facing the dire situation of having no water to drink. In such natural disasters, many compatriots are suffering from the disaster. As their compatriots, what can we do for them? As a non professional banker in Xiaoao Game City, Xiaoao Farm provides the most ideal tertiary industry for Xiaoao friends, allowing you to easily farm and take care of your crops at all times, and see which one grows the most pleasing! The mobile farming provided by Xiaoao Game City is ubiquitous and omnipresent, allowing for sowing, fertilizing, and harvesting anytime and anywhere. Here, you can also freely plant crops and choose from more seeds to bear delightful fruits! Mobile farming solves the problem of busy stealing vegetables during work hours for you, so you don't have to worry about being caught and fined by your boss! Using your mobile phone to grow vegetables, whether you're on the bus or eating, you can do whatever you want as long as you log in with your phone. It solves the problem of difficulty in stealing vegetables and makes it easy to take care of your fields, making them lush and fruitful! Let us use the crops produced during each harvest period as a driving force to support our compatriots in the disaster stricken areas! Offering a helping hand from afar, praying and blessing for them, hoping that they will soon overcome this perilous period! To learn more about Xiao Ao Games, please edit the free SMS "Xiao Ao Game City" and send it to 12114. You can also visit the official website: www.xiaoao.com, or the mobile website: wap.xiaoao.com. About Xiaoao Game City: Xiaoao Game City is the largest mobile game platform for chess and card games and leisure games in China, with dozens of mobile internet connected chess and card games and leisure games. Games such as Landlord, ZhaJinhua, Suoha, Mahjong, etc. are deeply loved by players.  
One Piece celebrates May Day, fights monsters, wins treasure. Where to go during the May Day holiday? Why don't we have fun together in One Piece! On the holiday of the working people, let everyone "fight" together to earn treasure chests and high rewards. Activity Time: Part 1, April 29, 2010 to May 7, 2010, all day. Part 2, April 29, 2010 to May 7, 2010, 12:30 to 14:30, 19:30 to 21:30 every day. Activity 1: There is a chance to drop four mission items, "Luminescent Agent," "Coloring Agent," "Combustion Agent," and "Burning Agent," when fighting enemies who are within 5 levels of your own level; After gathering all the funds, you can exchange them for high experience rewards at the "Labor Day Activity Ambassador" in Windmill Town. Activity 2: In order to reward the hardworking people of each island, Pirate King Goroger sealed a large number of treasures in treasure chests, hiding them in various corners of the world, waiting for someone to come and collect them. Players only need to find "ordinary treasure chests" from various places and have a conversation with them to open the boxes, kill the bosses that appear, and have a high chance of dropping the "Labor Day Wealth Key". The Labor Day Treasure Box Key can be used to open the "Excellent Treasure Box", which contains nearly 20 important props. The list is as follows: Excellent Treasure Box Rewards: "1 Coma Bomb", "1 Divination Crystal Ball", "1 Magic Gem", "1 Monster Attraction Card", "1 50 Ring Points Exchange Voucher", "1 D-level Deputy Officer Skill Exchange Voucher", "1 5-fold Deputy Officer Experience Card", "20 bottles of advanced secret medicine", "20 bottles of advanced magic reagents", "1 Pirate Waist Bag+3", "1 Deputy Officer Experience Manual", "20 Full Service Broadcast Cards", "1 Deputy Officer Strength Growth Card", "1 Deputy Officer Agile Growth Card", "1 Deputy Officer Intelligence Growth Card" 1 Vice Officer Armor Growth Card "" 1 Vice Officer Endurance Growth Card. If you have two Labor Day wealth keys, you can open the rare and precious "Kidd Treasure Box" with more than 10 types of advanced props. The list is as follows: Level 2 Random Gem Exchange Roll "1 weekly VIP Gold Card "" 1 gold contract fragment "" 1 Mount Training Heavenly Book "" 1 Vice Officer Experience Word Sea "" 1000000 silver coins "" 999 advanced auspicious cloud stones+1 "" 1 Vice Officer Strength Growth Card "" 1 Vice Officer Agile Growth Card "" 1 Vice Officer Intelligence Growth Card "" 1 Vice Officer Armor Growth Card "" 1 Vice Officer Endurance Growth Card "In addition, the player with the highest number of opened treasure chests can also receive a high-level random gem exchange voucher.
The main plot of the story "Dugu Jiujian, Love Tragedy" revolves around the strategy of the righteous alliance in the martial arts world. Taking advantage of the lack of defense of the Three Fire Divine Sect, they swiftly attacked the main altar of the Three Fire Divine Sect, Kunlun Mountain, and killed the wife of the sect's leader, Ximen Batian. Ximen Batian's only daughter and the treasure of the Zhenjiao, Daming Dan, also disappeared in the war. Ximen Batian is determined to seek revenge and return to the Western Regions. Sixteen years later, Ximen Batian made a comeback, intending to dominate the martial arts world, eradicate all so-called noble sects and righteous sects, and avenge his wife!! At the peak of the Three Fire Divine Cult, Ximen Batian learned that the secret treasure of the sect, the Great Ming Dan, was now in the palace. The Great Ming Dan had a miraculous effect of enhancing martial arts, and to cultivate the highest level of the Eight Wilderness Six Harmonies Technique, Ximen Batian ordered the three guardians of the sect to seize the Great Ming Dan. (Game begins) The Three Protectors invade the palace. In an emergency, Qiao Long, the third generation descendant of Wudang Sect, appears and defeats the Three Protectors. And we need to deliver the Da Ming Dan to Shaolin Temple and hand it over to Master Hui'en for safekeeping. Qiao Long passed by Lingjian Mountain and encountered Ximen Batian who wanted to steal the Great Ming Dan. Qiao Long panicked and claimed that the Great Ming Dan had already been sent to Shaolin. After the fierce battle, Qiao Long was seriously injured and fell off the cliff. Qiao Long woke up to find a cave, which was actually the cave where Dugu Qiu Qiu was hiding. Unexpectedly, Qiao Long took the Great Ming Dan and recovered from his internal injuries, and also learned the Dugu Nine Swords. Qiao Long was worried that Ximen Batian would go to Shaolin to demand the Great Ming Pill, so he rushed to Shaolin. Qiao Long passed by the foot of the Tai Shi Mountain and encountered a disciple of the Da Dao Sect who was about to harm a young man. Qiao Long saved the young man and learned through mutual name that he was Hong Qi, the son of the Beggar's Sect leader. He was misunderstood by the Da Dao Sect and chased after by them. The two of them agreed to go together to explain to the Lord of the Big Knife Gate, Shangguan Hong. Upon entering Hengyang City, it was heard that a bloody incident had occurred at Dadaomen. Qiao Long rushed to Dadaomen to investigate due to his childhood engagement with Shangguan Ling, the daughter of the Dadaomen Sect Master. Ximen Batian couldn't find the Great Ming Dan and wanted to consider using the official spirit, because her pure Yin blood also has the effect of enhancing power. During a crisis, a mysterious woman rescued Shangguan Ling and Hongqi appeared. Hongqi and Qiao Long went together to save Shangguan Ling. Da Dao Men has been wiped out. Qiao Long and Hong Qi caught up with a mysterious woman, exchanged names, and learned that the mysterious woman's name was Ziyan. They wandered alone in the martial arts world to find out their own identity. Qiao Long and Zi Yan fell in love at first sight. The four of them then walked together. Everyone returned to Dadaomen and found that it had been wiped out. Shangguan Ling was heartbroken and swore revenge. Everyone arrived at Shaolin Temple according to the original plan, but Shaolin Temple was also destroyed by Ximen Batian. When Ximen Batian left, he left a sentence: 'First kill Shaolin, then destroy Wudang.'. Qiao Long was worried about the safety of his father and Wudang, so he decided to rush to Wudang. At the Wen Yuting of Yunlai Inn, Qiao Long and Ziyan expressed their heartfelt feelings to each other and made a lifelong commitment. Unexpectedly, Shangguan Ling heard it and left in anger. Hongqi rushed to rescue Shangguan Ling because he had been secretly in love with him. On the way, Shangguan Ling was caught by the Three Fire Divine Cult's Three Protectors. Hong Qi rushed to fight against the Three Protectors but was seriously injured. Qiao Long and Zi Yan rushed to repel the Three Protectors. Hongqi died, and Shangguan Ling was heartbroken after learning of Hongqi's feelings for her. The crowd arrived at Wudang, and Ximen Batian led the followers of the Three Fire Divine Sect and the Wudang people to engage in a fierce battle at Jiejian Cliff. Qiao Yuansheng was severely injured. During the crisis, Zhang Sanfeng appeared and injured Ximen Batian, who fled. During the fierce battle, Ziyan accidentally discovered that Ximen Batian was actually her long lost biological father, and Qiao Long was unaware of it. Ximen Batian almost died due to serious injuries and Qiao Long's miraculous Dugu Jiujian. Qiao Long stabbed with a sword. At the time of crisis, Ziyan bravely stood in front of Ximen Batian's chest and was stabbed to death by Qiao Long. Qiao Long finally realized that Ximen Batian was Ziyan's daughter... The weapon upgrade process game has a unique weapon upgrade system with multiple upgrade routes for players to choose from. Divided into heavy sword upgrade series, large sword upgrade series, and spirit sword upgrade series. Heavy Sword Upgrade Series, Big Sword Upgrade Series, Spirit Sword Upgrade Series
The bonus for "Journey to the West OL" is distributed every day, and although the exciting gang battle of "Journey to the West: Gold Beans" has come to an end, the exciting activities of "Journey to the West OL" are still coming to life. Now, the activity of clearing dungeons and dropping gold beans has started again! Journey to the West OL has always been highly praised by players for its exquisite graphics, rich dungeon plot, and interesting daily tasks. Now, with the launch of the dungeon drop golden bean activity, it can be seen every day in chat channels, such as: "Brush the Sky", "Yang Er Que 1"; Tongguan Group, Chang'an Center, etc; The entire process of the underworld, the speed of arrival... etc., seeking information on team formation. When you see your favorite team, you need to click immediately. If you are a little late, the response you often receive is: Sorry, the team is full. Hey, who said the reward of Golden Beans is so tempting! Lucky players often receive enviable rewards every day. By calculation, after a year, it's almost a small harvest of 10000 yuan. I really admire Yinhan Company for its courage. With over two million players and such a generous cash discount, there's no hesitation at all. It's not a loss to be a leader in mobile games! Colorful activities are coming one after another, who doesn't love the dazzling golden beans! Hurry up and log in to the exciting world of Journey to the West OL, and claim today's bonus! Journey to the West OL is an MMORPG mobile game set against the backdrop of the mythology and legends of Journey to the West. Players take on the roles of three major sects: General's Mansion, Fangcun Mountain, and Dragon Palace, embarking on a journey of slaying demons and eliminating monsters in the world of Journey to the West. The game features dazzling weapon changes and martial arts spells, cute pet companions, gang building, marriage and house building, arena competition, and thousand person gang battles, providing players with a fantastic gaming experience and extreme challenges. Enter the game: Mobile official website: http://wap.01234.com.cn , choose Quick Entry
The highly anticipated second round of beta testing for the mobile game "Divine Domain OL" is here to once again wish everyone a happy New Year. Wishing everyone good luck in the Year of the Tiger, and the tiger and tiger will thrive. I hope everyone will continue to support Shenyu OL in the new year, and we will do our best to make the game better. Shenyu OL has temporarily suspended its servers during the New Year period. Our entire operation team has conducted a summary based on the previous testing situation and made corrections to the game according to the issues raised by players during the testing period. We sincerely hope that through our efforts, we can provide everyone with a better gaming environment and bring more exciting gaming experiences. During the Chinese New Year, many players have been asking on the forum about the opening time of the Divine Domain after the New Year. Our entire operation team is very grateful to everyone for still caring about the players in the Divine Domain on such a family reunion day. Your support is our greatest motivation. At the same time, we would like to inform everyone that our work is nearing completion, and the second round of beta testing for "Divine Domain OL" will begin on February 24th. At that time, the game will start with character levels up to level 45, and as the level increases, more game content will be presented to players one by one. We believe that our second round of closed beta testing will bring everyone a more exciting gaming experience, and Shenyu will not only impress you. Customer Service Hotline: 400-8109266 Customer Service Email: yu@digifun.cn Customer service QQ: 1355411458
In the fantasy world of the expansion pack "Rise of the Storm" in "Kyushu Online", everyone has the choice to face numerous challenges and opportunities. Eagles can fight in the sky, plum blossoms can bloom in the cold, and every friend from Kyushu wants to become famous and a king in this world. So while constantly upgrading and increasing skills, rare equipment is also essential to make you stand out among the strong. The warriors of Kyushu are taking on new challenges every day, building a stronger version of themselves with high-quality equipment that enhances their power and ability to tackle high levels of difficulty. In order to encourage every player in Kyushu to become a strong player and a true warrior of Kyushu, the "Flash Kill Strongman, Kyushu Men Should Be Self Strengthening" activity was launched from 0:00 on April 22, 2010 to 10:00 on April 29, 2010. During the event, the top ten players who enhance the magic spells embedded in their unique or cursed equipment to 4 will receive an additional Spirit Stone gift bag reward. The top ten players who enhance the magic spells embedded in their unique or cursed installations to 7 will receive an additional set of 7-character magic spell rewards. Players who enhance the entire set of magic spells set in the top ten unique and cursed sets to 10 will receive an additional 20000 gold ingots. Players should note that the enhancement of magic symbols in this activity is only limited to the 4-character and 7-character sets embedded on unique and cursed devices. During the event, players who reach the reward level can contact the official customer service via phone or GM email. Once verified, the customer service will immediately distribute the reward. Reward players will be announced in the daily operation log. To be a true man in Kyushu and to receive great gifts, who could miss such temptation? Hurry up and join 'Kyushu Online' to make your blood boil and achieve both fame and fortune. You can't miss out on being the spokesperson for the new generation of heroes in Kyushu. Play the 2010 hottest mobile online game "Kyushu Online" expansion pack "Storm Rises Again" to make you full of spirit in the Year of the Tiger! Thank you to all players for their love and support of 'Kyushu Online'! Send the free SMS "JZ" to 1066901234 to get the hottest mobile game of 2009 for free. The official website of Kyushu OL: obmgame.cn. As the spokesperson for the new generation of heroes in Kyushu, you cannot miss it. The most martial arts and fantasy game, the Chinese classical immortal online game "Jiuzhou Online", join us now! Play the 2010 hottest mobile online game "Kyushu Online" expansion pack "Storm Rises Again" to make you full of spirit in the Year of the Tiger!
The Legend of Zhao Yun, the unparalleled general of the Three Kingdoms, is about to be released with great enthusiasm. Although it has not yet been fully documented, it is based on the popular general Zhao Yun during the Three Kingdoms period. He is loyal and brave to the Han dynasty, and his loyalty and righteousness are comparable to those of a single horse in Taoyuan. His heroic spirit and courage are matched by his courage and bravery, and he wears a military robe to donate blood and dye. Dangyang Changzhi's heart is as strong as a dragon, and he is unparalleled in the world. The game is based on the legendary deeds of Zhao Yun, a popular general during the Three Kingdoms period, and truthfully reproduces his famous deeds. Zhao Yun's courtesy name is Zilong; Changshan Zhending was a famous general of Shu Han during the Three Kingdoms period. With superb martial arts skills, he wrote a brilliant chapter on the stage of the Three Kingdoms' struggle, and became an eternal model with the style of loyal and righteous generals. Emperor Liu Bei of Shu Han once said, 'Zilong is full of courage.'. The game contains multiple modes. The traditional mode allows players to experience growing from an ordinary lieutenant to a general who scares enemy soldiers and experiences real classic battles. From the Yellow Turban Rebellion to the Battle of Xiangyang, from one-on-one battles at Wo Niu Gang to the Blood Station at Changban Slope, we have definitely achieved the goal of allowing players to play repeatedly and be full of new ideas. Straight spear, steel straight spear, dragon gall, and luxury dragon gall can only be equipped with corresponding weapons and set with gems of different attributes after completing the promotion task and obtaining official titles. Friends who like to brush treasures should not miss the free mode. Here, you can freely choose the completed levels and pack all the treasures you want into your bag without omission. Wow, my points are so high! Don't enjoy yourself alone! This is an era that requires showing off. Choose death mode to test how long you can withstand heavy siege. Upload your points and titles online to make your friends envious.
Blessings for the mobile game "Kuyou OL". Since the official public beta of the new version of "Kuyou OL" on February 4th, the number of novice players joining the Kuyou world has been increasing day by day. The concept of introducing plugins into game development and fully leveraging this advantage has always been market-oriented, player oriented, and constantly opening up new maps, enriching game tasks, and improving online interactive functions. The new version of the full moon has added NPC task prompt function. Different colored exclamation marks indicate different task states, greatly improving user experience in details; Add players' online chat function, World Call allows thousands of Kuyu players to share their joys, sorrows, and sorrows. A one-on-one private chat channel allows grapefruit friends from all over the world to communicate infinitely. Kuyu grows together with players. Maps, tasks, and interactive features are almost always surprising for players in every version update. Stay tuned for more exciting Kuyou.
The community "Bang Bang Tang" invites you to battle at the top of that mountain. The rivers and lakes are surging, and talented people are emerging in the martial arts world. This time, the grand scene of sword discussions on that mountain is unprecedented. Time: March 15, 2010 14:00- March 20, 2010 12:00 Location: Boyfriend section of "Bang Bang Tang" Community Character: Heroes and Heroes of Bang Bang Tang, Children of the Jianghu Event: What kind of mountain discussing swords, bloody storms, martial arts battles, unifying the Jianghu! Who can sit on the throne of the martial arts alliance leader? Activity rules: 1. Post in the community's boyfriend and girlfriend section starting with [WL], followed by a custom title, and letters are not case sensitive. The symbol [,] should also be written out, otherwise it cannot be counted by the system. 2. The activity post should clearly state what weapon or martial arts secrets you most want, and indicate the source. If accompanied by the voice message 'With XX in hand, you can laugh proudly around the world', there are also surprises. Of course, you can also add your own reflections and so on. Example: I really want Huang Rong's female dog fighting stick. A dog fighting stick in hand, invincible in the world. From Jin Yong's "Legend of the Condor Heroes". Then add your own voice message: "With the dog fighting stick in hand, laugh proudly around the world, hahaha!" Activity reward: Wulin Alliance Leader (1 place) - Award five beautiful account cards+top-notch prop Little Stick Boy for 15 days Jianghu Qiren (1 place) - Award top-notch prop Cartier Crown for 7 days+20000 gold coin red envelope "Rising Show" (3 places) - Award top-notch prop Bang Bang Tang Heart for 7 days+Activity sticker plus 2 points Selection method: Only entries that meet the requirements of the activity can win the award; Each response received from a different account during the event is counted as 1 vote; The leader of the martial arts alliance will be selected by the official from the most outstanding players with voice support, and any eligible entries will have the opportunity. Jianghu Qiren is selected by players through voting, and the one with the highest number of votes at the end of the event is awarded. See who is in charge of the ups and downs of the Bang Bang Hall, all discussing swords on that mountain! That mountain is a national 5A level scenic area, located in the boyfriend and girlfriend section of Bang Bang Tang. It is surrounded by mountains and waters, with birds singing and flowers blooming, making it a great place for travel, dating, and martial arts competitions! With that mountain, life is not lonely [Development/Operation Company]: Joyful Unlimited [Official Website]: www.bbt.com [WAP Website]: wap.bbt.cn [Customer Service Phone]: 400-6060-995
Perfect review and evaluation of the mobile game "Swordsman Meiying" Game: Swordsman Meiying (domestic) Game format: JAD/JAR Game category: Role playing.   Due to the protagonist's escape from play, he encountered his first opportunity to become a hero, but did not take it and was saved by a female hero. After returning to the village, he was questioned by his father and told him word for word, but was scolded by his father. In order to let my father know that I am also a person who can eliminate violence and ensure the safety of the people, I once again sneaked out of the village and followed the female hero on my journey as a hero... Rating: 8.0. Game controls: Up: Press 2 or the directional key Up/Down: Press 8 or the directional key Down Left: Press 4 or the directional key Left/Right: Press 6 or the directional key Right OK: Key dialogue Attack key: Press 5 Get OK key Right soft key: Game menu and cancel Game screen: Currently, the most important thing that makes a person want to play is to look at screenshots, so this game has a strong visual sense. Water is water, mountains are mountains, objects are objects, flowers are flowers, and the most special thing is that they fly in from the flowers. The flying butterfly adds a touch of romance to the game's adventure! The character image is considered a classic, giving people the first impression of being a hero. The avatar displayed during the conversation is like a real person's avatar. The skill screen can be said to be 3D resistant, with brilliant swordsmanship that dazzles you and makes you feel the beauty of the sword saint and ten thousand swords piercing through the heart in the TV series "The Legend of Sword and Fairy". It's like crushing the curse of a demon. The BOOS skill screen, with its endless flames, is like the firewall in the PC online game "Legend of Sword and Fairy". It's amazing with just two strokes. If you haven't experienced it yet, just watching the power of the fire in the screen can shake you down. This is also the first time the skill screen has given me the feeling! Rating: 9.5 Game Sound Effects: From the beginning to the end, there are various different ringtones, which can also be said to be a kind of enjoyment. During the battle, accompanied by classical style dazzling bells, it makes you passionate. Amidst the flowers, trees, and light music, it's like a romantic journey. The only downside is that sometimes the music suddenly stops during the conversation (probably during chatting, I can't bear to disturb the protagonist's attentive conversation). Overall, it's good! Rating: 9.0 Character Upgrade: From level 1 to level 10, it's fast, but after level 10, it's slow. Generally, when three people form a team and experience is evenly distributed, the upgrade will be even slower... When two people are together, it's important to seize the opportunity to upgrade. At this point, experience is 1.5 times more than usual, so it's better to level up a few more levels. Fighting monsters in the future will be much easier, especially BOOS! (Note: Upgrading does not add any attributes, the purpose of upgrading is to dress up).   Equipment is worn in different levels, with a difference of ten levels between two pieces of equipment before they can be changed, including helmets, clothing, weapons, jewelry, and shoes. Rating: 7.5 Total Rating: 8.2
Attached is a chronicle of the development process of "The Legend of Kunlun": In May 2009, the project for "The Legend of Kunlun" was initiated to discuss the RPG storyline, and 9 staff members carefully provided feedback on the plot and traditional combat system; In June 2009, during the technology development phase, a new combat system was launched and added "dynamic" cloud and fog effects, "seasonal" effects, and "lighting" effects, forming Mammoth's unique "weather system engine"; July 2009: Completed the demo (trial version); August 2009: 30 employees simultaneously experienced the game, and based on the feedback from the DEMO, all members of the project team determined the opinions to be adopted; September 2009: The project team refined and refined the overall project;   In November 2009, it stood out as the only domestically produced original mobile game without authorization among the five products selected for the "Supreme Package" in November.  
Red Cliff OL: Double Assistance for Marriage and Childbirth during the March 8th Festival. In the warm spring of March, flowers bloom. On this joyous occasion of the nationwide celebration of the successful convening of the Two Sessions, we are delighted to welcome the first "March 8th" Women's Day in "Red Cliff OL". On the day of the event, all girls can receive 3 experience cards from the event officials in the main city, and married women can also receive 30 Ganye San, 5 Kaiyuan Shi, and 5 lucky stones. Hurry up and participate. Red Cliff OL is the only 3D mobile online game with a brand new design concept, a large seamless map, and extensive interpersonal relationships. It is a great helper for many friends' leisure and entertainment. Upgrading quickly and without spending money, Red Cliff has formed a good reputation. Newcomers can get married at level 15 and even have a baby after marriage. With a gentle finger press, many female players can experience the happiness of being a mother. Scientific research shows that the happiness index in the virtual world is often higher than that in the real world! In addition, due to the latest opening of feudal lords' battles and siege battles in "Red Cliff OL", it has aroused the courage of men to participate, causing many women to feel neglected by their husbands. We hereby call on all men who participate in battles to make time to spend more time with their wives during their spare time, saving her worries and concerns! Enter the game now and receive a beginner's gift pack to help you quickly upgrade and grow. Hurry up and enter! Red Cliff OL takes you into a legendary journey! For more information, please visit the official website g2us.cn and our partner websites! Customer service phone: 15210086673 Customer service email: chibi@g2us.com
The mobile online game "Tianjia OL" is equipped with invincible evolution theory. Since the release of the latest "Fantasy World, Divine Water Mansion" clan instance in March, players have been cheering loudly. Why is that? This must be because the instance can drop "level 70 new clan equipment", and the most important factor is that the new clan equipment can also be strengthened at designated NPCs in the game, evolving into top-level equipment with better attributes and stronger power! When you obtain the second set of exquisite level 70 clan costumes in the next instance, your mood will definitely be extremely excited! Now there is even more exciting news, which is that the second set of clan costumes at level 70 can evolve into an "enhanced version". By finding a "clan merchant" and adding martial tears, source ingots, and a small amount of money, you can 100% make a top-level clan costume with stronger attributes than the original one. However, one thing to note here is that as a synthetic material, the second set of clan costumes at level 70 cannot be reinforced or punched in any way, otherwise the enhanced version cannot be synthesized! Powerful you, hurry up to the dungeon and get the top-notch equipment. Only you can give him even more powerful strength! Note: "Clan merchants" in clan territories can be equipped with equipment enhancement (5,42) [The most popular mobile online game with millions of users, "Tianjia Online"]: Produced by Tianjin Mammoth, a well-known mobile game developer under Skynet, with 7 million registered users and tens of thousands of online users, it has been ranked first in the popularity rankings of mobile game portal forums for 12 consecutive months and is the most popular real-time combat magical mobile online game of 2009. Download method: Edit the mobile SMS "TJ" and send it to 106633554455 to join the popular mythological battlefield of "Tianjia Online" for free. Customer service phone: 022-58113111 Customer service email: gamekefu@kongzhong.com Mobile (computer) login: tj.kong.net
On March 18th, with the routine update and maintenance of the expansion pack "Rise of the Storm" in "Kyushu Online", version 2.0.0.10 client has emerged, and many optimization contents and updates have made the game more perfect: 1. Added the function of setting skills as default attack mode, which greatly facilitates spell professional players to engage in game battles. 2. Optimize the game menu by adopting a nine grid layout, making it more convenient for players to operate on their mobile phones; 3. New features such as searching for NPCs and searching for help have been added, and the layout of some menus has been optimized to make it more reasonable and reduce the embarrassment of getting lost; 4. Expand the automatic path finding range to go further. 5. Add the function of shielding everyone, and no longer worry about too laggy in crowded areas; 6. The default color scheme of the game has been changed to metallic gray, which is more classical and exciting. This update and optimization is definitely eye-catching, and both new and old players have the opportunity to experience a refreshed feeling. After this update, daily quests for level 15-60 dungeons have been added, called "Renewal". Upon completion, players will be rewarded with rare equipment chests (which can randomly produce rare equipment components) to enhance the equipment foundation of low-level players. For players who have just entered the game, this update also includes some side quests (levels 7-25) to make leveling up easier and more enjoyable. For players who pursue high equipment standards, the demand for magic symbols is diverse. After this update, "Storm Reborn" will greatly increase the chance of opening magic symbols in the magic treasure box and the chance of all dungeon bosses dropping magic symbols, making your equipment bonuses more abundant. More magic symbols are approaching you! When it comes to equipment, cursed equipment is definitely a top-notch equipment that cannot be forgotten. Now that all parts of cursed equipment have been opened, cursed accessory parts can be exchanged for the second set of equipment on the shelves. Players can open their respective professional competitive stores in the "Competitive Officials" section to purchase. At the same time, Jinyuanbao Mall has also added a unique equipment redemption curse store, which players can enter by opening the Jinyuanbao Mall interface. The excitement continues in "Kyushu Online", and the surprise is in your hands. From 0:00 on March 18, 2010 (Thursday) to 24:00 on March 25, 2010 (Thursday), double rewards will be given to all servers in gratitude for March. The top up gift award is constantly popular, with ingots as gifts and half price in the mall. Many joys are waiting for you to open. The expansion pack "Rise of the Storm" for "Kyushu Online" has officially launched with great respect. We are grateful to all players for their support of the game and offer better game content in this passionate March, which will make your blood boil. Play the 2010 hottest mobile online game "Kyushu Online" expansion pack "Storm Rises Again" to make you full of spirit in the Year of the Tiger! Thank you to all players for their love and support of 'Kyushu Online'! Now pick up your phone and log in to ombgame.com to get free access to the hottest classic online games of 2010, "Kyushu Online" and "Kyushu Online". Customer service: 010-82051776. Customer service email: jzol@obmgame.com Official website of Kyushu Online: obmgame.com
The Yellow Turban Uprising in "Pearl Three Kingdoms" is a classic mobile game with a historical theme of the Three Kingdoms. "Pearl Three Kingdoms" is created with great effort by "Palm Pearl". It is set against the backdrop of the chaotic era of the Three Kingdoms in the late Eastern Han Dynasty, which is widely talked about in ancient Chinese history. It depicts a magnificent history of war and turmoil! In order to bring more exciting gameplay points to players, "Pearl Three Kingdoms" has launched the exciting activity of "Zhang Jiao Returns", allowing players to experience the thrilling process of various forces snatching supplies and relive the history of the Yellow Turban Uprising! Now in the game, Zhang Jiao, the leader of the Yellow Turban Uprising Army, sends troops from the southwest of the South China Sea to conquer the Central Plains. According to secret reports from various countries, Zhang Jiao will appear four times a day to reorganize his troops, at 10:00 am, 1:00 pm, 6:00 pm, and 10:00 pm respectively. Players who kill Zhang Jiao to seize supplies can receive generous rewards! If you want to experience a different Three Kingdoms world, if you want to play the Five Tiger Generals, Wolong and Phoenix Chickens, Jiangdong Little Overlord, the world's number one Lv Bu, and many other Three Kingdoms heroes, and ultimately achieve Three Kingdoms hegemony, then join the ranks of "Pearl Three Kingdoms" (WAP official website: sg. pipgame. cn) now! Pearl Three Kingdoms is definitely your first choice mobile online game! May 'Pearl Three Kingdoms' become the apple of billions of players' eyes!
The "Gods" double new costumes for the Spring Festival will open on February 1st with gifts. The 2009 Spring Festival is coming soon, and many friends will also welcome their own Spring Festival holiday. Therefore, "Zhu Shen Online" will officially open two new costumes at 10:00 am on February 1st: "Glass Bottle" and "Yin Yang Mirror"! Responding to the voices of players, while alleviating the gaming network environment, it will also bring you new gaming challenges! Zone 10: "Glass Bottle". The glass bottle is a precious treasure held by the Taoist Cihang in Luojia Cave, Mount Putuo. It can be used for collecting and refining objects in the 11th area: the "Yin Yang Mirror". The Yin Yang Mirror is a treasure of the immortal family, with a makeup like a copper mirror that can determine life and death when shining on a person. It has two sides: the Yin Yang side is white and the Yang Yang side is red. The white side is a dead end, and the red side is a gateway to life. It was originally a treasure for red sperm to control caves, and later passed on to Yin Hong. In "Fengshen Yanyi", Nezha can restrain this magic weapon. With the launch of this new server, we have also prepared a promotion prize for you! Each top 10 player who reaches the reward level will receive a recharge card reward of up to 2000 yuan! At the same time, you will also receive an unlimited level aircraft mount (limited to two weeks, with a movement speed equivalent to a level 45 White Tiger mount). The mount time of consecutive award-winning players can accumulate up to 2 months! The popular mobile online game "Zhu Shen Online" is a large-scale fantasy real-time combat MMORPG mobile game developed by Chengtianyou, with tens of thousands of players online. Taking the Chinese classical mythological masterpiece "Fengshen Yanyi" as the historical background, the rich and touching plot guides players to turn the tide, rewrite history, and gradually find their own perfect ending. Fascinating plot, unique growth experience, large proportion of game characters, personalized fashion show; Superb game graphics, spell effects, gorgeous equipment and weapons, dynamic background music... bring you an extraordinary gaming experience! Operation team T4game of 'Zhu Shen Online': it's, time, for, game!
The first cursed treasure box of "Kyushu Online" has been exploded. The expansion pack "Rise of the Storm" has created a powerful instance of "Desert Eagle" for everyone. All players who enter this instance have the opportunity to win a large number of breeding props and cursed equipment boxes dropped by the boss, while also gaining massive experience. Since the dungeon was launched, it has been highly praised by many gamers. Countless players enter the dungeon every day to explore treasures. In order to thank the enthusiasm and support of many players, the official has launched the Curse Box gift recharge card activity. The specific activity has been freshly released: Activity time: April 8th 11:00- April 29th 10:00 Target: Kyushu OL players in the entire region Activity reward: During the activity period, the first player to receive the "Curse Box" of each profession can receive an additional 200 yuan recharge card reward,; Six players will be rewarded in total, namely the first player to obtain the Curse Box (Thorn), Curse Box (Battle), Curse Box (Art), Curse Box (Strategy), Curse Box (Power), and Curse Box (Square). It is worth congratulating that the '?,? 荭??' server of Tiger Tiger Shengwei has obtained the first cursed box of the strategist and is also our first player to obtain a 200 yuan recharge card. What are you waiting for? Rich gifts are waiting for you to pick up. Take your friends to explore the treasure that belongs to you. Play the 2010 hottest mobile online game "Kyushu Online" expansion pack "Storm Rises Again" to make you full of spirit in the Year of the Tiger! Thank you to all players for their love and support of 'Kyushu Online'! Now pick up your phone and log in to ombgame.com to get free access to the hottest classic online games of 2010, "Kyushu Online" and "Kyushu Online". Official website: obmgame.com
They supported their troops and divided their territories, becoming warlords who dominated their own sides. The melee of competing for territory makes the stronger stronger. The pure 3D game 'Red Cliff OL' will soon be the first to launch the battle of warlords in the mobile online gaming industry, making the battles more exciting, intense, and thrilling! Killing without fame, victory with rewards, crowds and excitement, this is the charm of the feudal battles in "Red Cliff OL"! The brave army commander signed up and competed against other legions. As the saying goes, the winner is king, and the loser is the enemy. The feeling of success and fame lies in this. If you want to be respected by thousands of people, you can only be in "Red Cliff OL"! Enter the game now and receive a beginner's gift pack to help you quickly upgrade and grow. Hurry up and enter! Red Cliff OL takes you into a legendary journey! For more information, please visit the official website g2us.cn and our partner websites! Customer service phone: 15210086673 Customer service email: chibi@g2us.com
The frequent recharge of cards for the "Xiao Ao Game City" competitive competition is the greatest advantage of spring. In April, the wind warms up the earth, and Xiao Ao Game City is already bustling with various competitions. The fighting spirit of friends is even more enthusiastic and passionate! Xiao Ao's Landlord Day matches on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, as well as the Golden Flower Day matches on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, are currently in full swing. As of today, Xiaoao Game City has issued a 20000 yuan phone recharge as a reward for award-winning players. Xiaoao will witness the fun of the game with you and share the joy of winning together~Let's take a look at the winners of the past day! Xiao Ao Game City! The most popular mobile gaming competition platform, with prizes given away every day. If you are a competitive or gaming expert, hurry up and attack Xiao Ao! About Xiaoao Game City: Xiaoao Game City is the largest mobile game platform for chess and card games and leisure games in China, with dozens of mobile internet connected chess and card games and leisure games. Games such as Landlord, ZhaJinhua, Suoha, Mahjong, etc. are deeply loved by players.   To learn more about Xiao Ao Games, please edit the free SMS "Xiao Ao Game City" and send it to 12114. You can also visit the official website: www.xiaoao.com, or the mobile website: wap.xiaoao.com. Please feel free to call the customer service hotline at 400-666-822301-51291610 if you have any questions.
On April 20th, the first Western magical mobile online game of the year, "Shenqi Online," will be released for public testing. A brand new world, a brand new profession, a brand new skill, a brand new instance, everything is a new journey for us. We are slowly unveiling the veil of this mysterious continent for everyone, preparing them to fully equip themselves to explore this mysterious world. Shenqi Online has tailored many dazzling professional skills based on the characteristics of each profession. You must be eager to see them first. Today, we will analyze in detail the skill characteristics of the two major professions, Warrior and Mage, that were opened during the beta period. Warrior, a profession that perfectly combines attack and defense, is undoubtedly the king of melee combat. Normal attack: Use weapons to directly inflict physical damage on enemies. Savage Strike: Increases the damage caused by the next attack weapon. Boosting morale: Enhance the attacking power of oneself and teammates. Trauma: Depending on the skill level, it deals different points of bleeding damage to enemies every 3 seconds, with a duration of 9 seconds. This skill requires equipping weapons. Lament Leg: Attacking enemies reduces the target's movement speed for 10 seconds. This skill requires equipping weapons. Counterattack: Increases the additional damage caused by the next attack weapon, with a cooldown of 10 seconds. This skill requires equipping weapons. Punishing Strike: Increases the damage caused by the next attack weapon, increases the hatred of the attack, cooldown time of 12 seconds, and requires the equipment of a shield. Heavy damage: This skill prevents the target from unleashing skills for the next 1 second. It requires the equipment of two handed or dual wielding weapons. Challenge Roar: Increases the hatred of all enemies around oneself for 1 second. Perfect Strike: Consuming the same amount of energy to deal damage to enemy life, this skill requires equipping weapons. Whirlwind Slash: Quickly wield weapons to attack surrounding enemies, causing weapon damage. This skill requires equipping weapons. Strike: Use weapons to attack enemies and deal additional damage. This skill requires equipping weapons. Shun Zhan: Attacking enemies and nearby enemies increases weapon damage by 23 points. Active skills can be learned at level 48 and consume 46 magic points. Equipment Limit: Weapons are required. Fierce Attack: Increases self attack power by 5%, critical hit rate by 5%, reduces self armor by 15%, duration varies with skill level, the first level can last for 80 seconds. Broken Bone: deals certain damage to enemies and reduces their health recovery ability by 30% when hit. This skill requires equipping weapons. Breaking Courage Roar: Fear Roar: Surrounding enemies cannot move, lasts for 6 seconds, and cooldown time decreases with increasing level. Bairen: Reflects all melee attacks within a certain period of time, but also takes damage to oneself. Mocking: Increases the target's hatred towards oneself, and the hit effect increases with the skill level. Tremor: deals natural damage to all surrounding enemies and reduces their attack speed. Frustration: Reduce the attack power of all surrounding enemies for 15 seconds. Broken Armor: Reduces enemy armor for 9 seconds, effects can be stacked, requires shield equipment to disarm:, destroys target weapon, for a certain period of time, target weapon will not be able to play its due effect, this skill requires weapon equipment. Revenge: Attack enemies to deal additional weapon damage and reduce their movement speed by a small amount for 5 seconds. It requires the equipment of a shield. Shield Wall: Increases defense level and reduces physical damage for a certain period of time. This skill requires the equipment of a shield. Roar of Survival: Increase the maximum life limit of oneself and teammates, and the continuous world will increase with the improvement of skill level. Bloody Fury: Use your life to restore your own energy, the effect lasts for a certain period of time, and the time increases with the skill level. Endure pain: Use energy to restore one's own life, and the effect lasts for a certain period of time, which increases with the skill level. Mirror reflection: To bounce back the damage of an enemy spell within a certain period of time, a shield needs to be equipped. Crush: deals 50% weapon damage and additionally reduces target armor, requiring shield equipment. Stretching Blade: Throws a void attack towards the target, dealing 30% of weapon damage and a certain amount of divine damage, requiring the equipment of a shield. Shield Strike: Use a shield to attack enemies and inflict a certain amount of divine damage. Due to the intense impact, the enemy temporarily loses their mobility for 5 seconds and needs to equip a shield. Mage, a profession that perfectly controls ice and fire, is definitely a sharp dagger on the battlefield. Are you still numb to the monotonous skills of the past? "Shenqi Online" provides you with brand new and super cool skill effects to create your own exclusive skills. I believe you are the only one on this continent.  
Many people say that the demon class in Daughter Country OL is useless, and the skill cannot even kill Phoenix Forest monsters. In fact, the demon damage skill is proportionally deducted from health, which is particularly terrifying when fighting large bosses. In fact, there are two very useful skills of the demon race that many people may not be familiar with, which are fighting cows across mountains and hiding in Chen Cang. What are the uses of these two skills? Firstly, let's talk about the similarities between these two skills. They both allow us to distribute damage to other members of the opponent's team when attacking. The difference is that when fighting cattle across mountains, the damage can only be distributed to one target, resulting in a higher total damage than directly attacking one target. On the other hand, Shadow Chen Cang can evenly distribute damage to all of the opponent's targets, but the total damage combined is higher and the success rate is also higher than when fighting cattle across mountains. The difference between these two skills can be viewed as follows: excluding the cast object itself, fighting cattle across the mountain deals damage to a single player of the enemy team, while the stealthiness of Chen Cang deals damage to the entire enemy team. Although the damage caused by each individual is not as high as that of a single player, the total damage is much higher than that of a single player. The damage of these two skills is related to the skill proficiency of the caster and the defense of the cast object, while the success rate of skill casting is related to the caster's hit rate and skill proficiency. Knowing these, we can unleash the terrifying aspects of this skill. For example, if you are one-on-one with another player and your opponent is a powerful player who you cannot defeat at all, but their pet is relatively weak, we can use the technique of fighting cows across the mountain against their pet, which can cause significant damage and transfer it to their character. This move is really ruthless! When fighting in groups, this trick is even more shameless. As long as you find the weakest person or pet in the enemy team with the lowest defense and apply the Shadow Chen Cang skill, once successful, no matter how powerful the equipment of other people in the enemy team is or how powerful the pet is, they will suffer huge damage! No matter which team, there are usually relatively weaker people or pets, or people or pets with lower defense, which is the key point of the opponent and also the play of covert tactics. It seems that to deal with this skill, we can only enhance the defense of all pets and characters, rather than just pursuing high attacks, otherwise we will be defeated by these two moves! I believe everyone already understands the power of these two skills. It seems that the skills of the demon race have a much greater impact than imagined. As long as we analyze the characteristics of each skill, we can always find their own strengths and deal fatal blows to the enemy. For more updates, please follow the official website of "Daughter Country OL": http://girl.9520520.com/ Daughter Country OL wap: http://wap.9520.com/
Spring and Autumn Annals: Recharge during Qingming Festival and receive a big gift, get a tiger car for free during the Qingming Festival holiday. You must have a lot of things to do! Perhaps you are still thinking about "Spring and Autumn" during the Qingming Festival. If you are thinking about "Spring and Autumn", don't forget to log in to "Spring and Autumn", because during this short holiday, "Spring and Autumn" also thinks of you, preparing many fun activities for you and giving many prizes to players. We hope you don't miss it! A great show: Recharge to receive magic coins or item gifts! From April 1st to April 5th, users who have accumulated a total of 50 yuan or more through remittance recharge can receive a 20% bonus of magic coins; Users who recharge a total of 50 yuan or more through Shenzhou Bank will receive one Qinglong Livelihood Skill and two Talent Recruitment Rankings as a gift. Hurry up and take action, the more you recharge, the more discounts you will get! Double Play: "Tiger Car" is free to give to you! To play 'Spring and Autumn' well, one needs a 'Tiger Car', to fight requires a 'Tiger Car', to support a family also requires a 'Tiger Car', and everyone needs a 'Tiger Car'. It seems that the 'Tiger Car' is indeed a good thing. This time, the 'Tiger Car' will be given to you for free! From March 31st to April 6th, you only need to complete one continuous task to get the "Tiger Car". Hurry up and go to the Affairs Office to collect and complete the three tasks of "Heavenly Divination", "Cold Food on the Tomb", and "Hiking and Outing", and you will get the "Tiger Cart"! This is a rare opportunity, players must not miss it! Passion awaits you, hurry up and enter the "Spring and Autumn" to experience a different gaming journey! IPhone users can enter the app and download "Spring and Autumn" or "Spring and Autumn Enhanced Edition" from the store; Android phone users can directly log in to the address www.mghome.com/dl/mo_1.apk to download "Spring and Autumn";  
Newcomers to 'World of Spirit Beasts' are on their way, and the beginner's guide to' World of Spirit Beasts' is quick to get started. As soon as you enter the game, you only need to follow the tasks to pass through the beginner's village. But it's not easy to play well, you also need to understand spirit beasts, their synthesis, skills, and so on, in order to lay a solid foundation for choosing pets at the beginning. Today, I would like to share with you some personal summary points, hoping to be helpful to everyone, especially beginners. Hehe~~First, let me introduce the content represented by the NPC overhead symbol. The green exclamation mark indicates that there are tasks that can be taken on, the green question mark indicates that there are completed tasks that can be returned, and the red question mark indicates that there are tasks that have not been completed yet. When completing tasks, you can use teleportation crystals to teleport to NPCs who exchange tasks, which can save running time, but the props need to be in Chinese yuan. Doing tasks is the fastest way to upgrade. After completing all mainline tasks, you have to rely on fighting monsters and daily tasks to upgrade. The most important thing is to understand the rules of the synthesis of spirit beasts. Spirit beasts mainly inherit their parents' attributes and skills through continuous synthesis to obtain more powerful spirit beasts. The synthesis of spirit beasts must first be of different races, and the level needs to reach at least level 30. However, the higher the level of the spirit beast, the stronger the attributes of the baby it combines. This depends on personal choice, whether to quickly see the baby or to stretch the front line to form a top-notch baby. It must also be of a different gender, which is easy to handle. You can use gender changing props to change the pet's gender. And it is necessary to learn the synthesis map of spirit beasts in order to synthesize babies according to the map. As long as these four conditions are met, synthesis can proceed. You can buy maps from merchants at the ranch. After understanding the above two points, you won't be very confused when you first enter the game. When you first enter the game, the main task is to do quests. In novice quests, you will be asked to choose a spirit beast from desert scorpions, dark crabs, and giant sickles. When choosing a spirit beast, you can consider its skills, and it is best to choose a dark crab with group attacks, which will be quickly upgraded in the early stages. In addition, considering the spirit beasts that you want to synthesize in the future, what kind of spirit beasts are needed to determine which one to use for the first spirit beast in the process of synthesizing a five-star spirit beast. In case everyone doesn't know how to play and randomly chooses a spirit beast to practice at full level but finds that they can't match their favorite spirit beast, it will be frustrating. For detailed information on spirit beast skills and synthesis methods, please refer to the official website. These are the basic contents of spirit beasts and also essential beginner knowledge that must be understood. There are many other contents that enhance the fun of the game, as well as game features that can provide high experience and some game props, such as playing in the arena, completing pirate trials, challenging divine beasts, as well as the World Tree, Castle, Bird Tower, and Spirit Tower, doing daily tasks, etc., all of which can gain a lot of experience. The Spirit Beast World is a circular game, and many of the content will be understood once you become familiar with the game, or you can communicate more with the experts in the game.
On April 15th, the expansion pack "Rise of the Storm" of "Kyushu Online" will undergo a routine update every Thursday, and some features will be revised in this update. Grasp the latest developments of the resurgence of the storm, master first-hand content, and never miss today's content. 1. Fixed a bug where the Warlock Earth Rejuvenation skill cannot restore teammates' lives; 2. Fix the bug where the adverse effects of the assassination deceleration skill are not cleared after respawn; 3. Fix the bug where the family (union) administrator cannot flip pages by clicking on the query for the abbreviation of the family (union); 4. Fixed the bug where the combined pet characters still automatically attack monsters even after applying for boarding; 5. Fix the issue of pet skills not being released. Excitement blooms infinitely in Kyushu, with more exciting content waiting for you to explore. Play the 2010 hottest mobile online game "Kyushu Online" expansion pack "Storm Rises Again" to make you full of spirit in the Year of the Tiger! The expansion pack of the permanently free mobile online game "Kyushu Online" is "Storm Rises Again". Thank you to all players for their love and support of 'Kyushu Online'! Send the free SMS "JZ" to 1066901234 to get the hottest mobile game of 2010 for free.
The national system of "Tianwen" introduces the plot of Zhu Ziguo, which is far away from the borders of the Tang Dynasty and full of exotic charm. Under the afternoon sunshine, there is a lazy atmosphere in Zhu Ziguo. A house with a spherical dome, a beautiful curved profile of a young girl exposed on the open balcony, green plants blooming like petals, delicately patterned stone roads, and bustling markets filled with cries of sales... Zhu Ziguo seems to be forever in the bright summer colors. As night falls slowly, the twilight is vast, and thousands of lights shine together. In the darkness, sparkling fireflies dance, illuminating the eyes of couples. The palace where King Zhu Zi resides is even more magnificent and prosperous. But the king of Zhu Ziguo was ill for a long time and did not recover, so he posted an imperial list seeking medical treatment. Hello, I went to see him and found out that his illness was caused by shock and anxiety. You prepared Wujin Baifeng Pills for the king to take, and indeed the medicine cured the illness. The king is full of energy and talks to you about the ins and outs of things. It turned out that on Loong Boat Festival three years ago, Sai Taisui, the jailer of Taisui, came to take away the Empress of the Golden Holy Palace. The king suffered the loss of his beloved, both shocked and fearful, unable to recover from illness. You were filled with righteous indignation and decided to go and subdue the demon, and reunite them as a couple. Tai Sui Prison is located in Yongze City, the capital of Zhu Zi Kingdom. Sai Tai Sui not only has strong magical power, but also has countless powerful soldiers and generals under his command. A fierce battle is inevitably about to begin!
The online game "Civilization II" store consumes items one by one. Currently, your level may be very high, but don't you often have financial difficulties? Want to buy a long-awaited equipment, but don't have money to buy it? It is very likely that you have not purchased consumables based on your actual level in your daily life. Below is a detailed introduction to the items consumed in the store. Don't underestimate the small amount of money saved. You may not see the effect in the short term, but over time, it will accumulate into a lot. You should know that millionaires are also built up from small things. Boost Supply: [Life Recovery Potion], Price: 10000G Description: Used in battles with character level 1 or above, restores 50% of the total HP. [Magic Restoration Potion], Price: 4000G Description: Used in battles with character level 1 or above, restores 50% of the total MP. [Glutinous rice Rice and vegetable roll], price: 45G Note: it can be used when the character level is above Level 1, and can instantly restore 740 points of physical strength. [Mint Leaf], Price: 33GB Description: Can be used when the character's level is 1 or above and not in combat, instantly restoring 780 magic points. [Skewered Lizard], Price: 105GB Description: Can be used when the character's level is above level 20 and not in combat, instantly restoring 1650 health points. [Coffee Beans], Price: 72GB Description: Can be used when the character level is above level 20 and not in combat, instantly restoring 1640 magic points. [Fried Wild Pork Chop], Price: 187 Description: Can be used when the character's level is above level 40 and not in combat, instantly restoring 2800 health points. [Mustard Cream], Price: 127G Description: Can be used when the character's level is above level 40 and not in combat, instantly restoring 2760 magic points. [Fragrant Bear Legs], priced at 288G. Description: Can be used when the character's level is 60 or above and not in combat, instantly restoring 4120 health points. [Chili oil], price: 186G Description: Can be used when the character's level is 60 or above and not in combat, instantly restoring 3880 magic points. [Grilled Land Bird], Price: 384G Description: Can be used when the character level is above level 80 and not in combat, instantly restoring 5280 magic points. [Violent Fruit], priced at 250G. Explanation: Can be used when the character's level is above level 80 and not in combat, instantly restoring 5000 magic points. Transportation Prop: [Arena Admission Ticket], priced at 200G. Explanation: After using it for characters with a level of 20 or above, they can participate in martial arts competitions and earn points. [Teleportation Scroll], priced at 1000GB. Explanation: After using it with a character level of 5 or above, players can enter the world map and choose to teleport to any map in the game, which they can choose for themselves. [Collaborative teleportation roll], priced at 700G. Description: Can be used with a character level of 5 or above. If there is a team, it will instantly teleport oneself to the captain's side after use. Kind reminder: Do not discard the monster body parts obtained during the upgrade and monster fighting process. Selling to NPCs is more expensive than selling black equipment. Haina Player Wisdom Refining Boutique Mobile Game [Development Company]: Guangzhou Yingzheng [Customer Service Phone]: 4008803999
Five days of double experience in "Pearl Fantasy" brings spring back to the earth, flowers bloom, and April Fool's Day arrives. The large-scale magical mobile free online game "Pearl Fantasy" brings players a new and exciting activity, making you enjoy spring! Pearl Fantasy has launched a new experience doubling activity. As long as players team up to fight monsters from 21:00 to 22:00 every day from April 1st to April 5th, their experience will be doubled. At the same time, all doubling effects can be stacked with experience doubling props, with a maximum experience bonus of more than 5 times. Such tempting upgrade discounts will definitely make your daily upgrade experience explosive! What are you waiting for? Today, let you and your team experience the feast of leveling up the monster fighting frenzy across the entire server! Pearl Fantasy has super cute graphics, dazzling hundreds of skills, cool weapons and equipment, alternative and trendy cross dressing, adorable pets and other novel gameplay that will definitely make you addicted! Exciting activities, fun challenges, and generous game rewards await you to claim! Pearl Fantasy "(WAP official website: hx. pipgame.cn) allows you to enjoy the world of fantasy and have endless fun! May 'Pearl Fantasy' become the apple of billions of players' eyes!   hx@pipfit.com
The iPhone has won a 19% market share in the US handheld gaming market. With Apple's iPhone, the OS platform (iPhone, iPod, touch, and upcoming iPad) has become an increasingly prominent force in the handheld gaming market that cannot be ignored. According to analysis firm Flurry, in 2009, the total volume of the US (console) gaming software market decreased from $11 billion to $9.9 billion, but Apple's iPhone and OS platform gaming software sales revenue surged by 500%, and market share increased from 1% to 5%. Specifically, in 2008, 79% of the sales revenue in the US console gaming software market came from home consoles, 20% came from traditional handheld devices such as iPhones, and OS devices accounted for only 1%. By 2009, the share of home consoles had dropped to 71%, handheld consoles had increased to 24%, and iPhone platform products had surged to 5%. Segmenting the handheld console market, in 2008, the sales of game software were divided into Nintendo DS, 75%, Sony PSP, 20%, iPhone, OS, 5%. However, by 2009, DS had dropped to 70%, PSP's share had almost halved to 11%, while iPhone and OS products had increased to 19%. In terms of game sales, iPhone/iPod and Touch have surpassed PSP to become the second most popular handheld gaming consoles in the United States. Due to the upcoming launch of the iPad at the beginning of next month, the large screen and high performance will undoubtedly provide game developers and players with more room for creativity. Therefore, Flurry expects that handheld gaming giants such as EA and Gameloft will favor the iPhone platform more, and unless other traditional handheld manufacturers make amazing moves, Apple's market share in the gaming market will continue to soar.
Can I have a baby online after getting married and getting pregnant in "Red Cliff OL"? Mobile online games? If you are still doubting now, then you are out. The 3D game "Red Cliff OL" has implemented the function of online baby giving from the beginning. The process of normal marriage love ->marriage ->pregnancy ->giving birth to babies is not lacking, and all the twins are born. Dad brings one, Mom brings one, and a doll on the kang revolves around you. It's so lively! And there's no need to be afraid of being bullied by anyone. Who would be foolish enough to bully someone with a group of sons? These children won't kill that person when they grow up. Chairman Mao also said the wise saying "many people have strength"! In the 3D game "Red Cliff OL", as long as the couple is together frequently, it is possible for the female partner to become pregnant. During pregnancy, the female partner will have a buff, which is a life limit of+20% and damage of -50%. Let her rest peacefully! Of course, if you are pregnant, don't be too happy too early. There is a possibility of miscarriage in the 3D game "Red Cliff OL", and she needs to take good care of herself at this time! If pregnancy goes smoothly, in just 7 days, you can get your own baby! There are one male and one female, but there are still significant differences between babies, just like there are ordinary people and prodigies in reality. Of course, the higher the quality of the baby, the greater the help they can give you in battle, but remember that the baby and the vice general can only choose to fight the same way! In this war-torn era of the Three Kingdoms, only by having more troops can one better consolidate their political power! How can having one be enough! In 3D Red Cliff OL, you can also have a second child! That is to say, both men and women can have two babies, choose the more powerful one to help you fight! If you are not satisfied with both of your babies, then well, if you have the Wanderer's Peace Talisman (purchased from the Treasure Mall), you can let your children quickly and independently explore the world, and then... What are you waiting for? Let's have another one!!! Enter the game now and receive a beginner's gift pack to help you quickly upgrade and grow. Hurry up and enter! The new 3D game 'Red Cliff OL' will take you into that legendary period! For more information, please visit the official website g2us.cn and partner websites on your mobile phone!
3D racing mobile game masterpiece "Speed Racing 3D Perfect Edition" 2010 3D racing mobile game masterpiece, "Speed Racing 3D Perfect Edition" is a unique style of 3D racing game, with multiple different car models for players to choose from, and multiple scenes and tracks for racing drivers to challenge. The game has exquisite graphics and smooth sound effects, making it a rare 3D mobile racing game. Super racing fans, what are you waiting for? Come and show your skills. There are three types of car models in the game settings: 1. Ferrari color: red HP: 150, top speed: 175, KM/H2 Renault color: blue HP: 120, top speed: 220, KM/H3 McLaren color: yellow HP: 100, top speed: 250, KM/H. Players can choose the desired car model according to their needs, and the high speed car model has a relatively smaller HP, achieving a balance in choosing different racing car models.
The new map and mission of "Three Kingdoms Seal Soul" grandly opens a new year, a new beginning. Let's see what kind of surprises "Three Kingdoms Seal Soul" will bring us at this moment of bidding farewell to the old and welcoming the new? Chang'an opens up and embarks on the path of wealth. Chang'an, this historic ancient city, will open its sealed door to all players above level 30 after the update at 17:30 on the 22nd. In Chang'an, you can not only enjoy the beautiful scenery of the ancient city, but more importantly, you can receive new "merchant missions" here. From now on, being short of money becomes history, and you will no longer worry about the lack of money in the game! The Three Kingdoms Yin Soul's merchant running system has made a strong debut. There are still more opportunities and challenges waiting for all players! After the update, we will also open experience maps at levels 15-40. As the name suggests, in these newly opened maps, players can gain much more experience from fighting monsters than from fighting in the wilderness, making your upgrade journey easier and simpler! And these maps also have a chance to drop two very rare items, "Mengde New Book" and "Dunjia Heavenly Book", both of which can increase the experience of a large number of vice generals. New missions embark on an adventurous journey, and side quests will also open a new chapter. You can receive the latest side quests from Lv Kai at the Three Kingdoms Tea House. New challenges await players, and the new side quests will make you feel the charm of the chaotic world. Let's follow "Three Kingdoms Seal Soul" back to the Three Kingdoms, play swords and songs, drink a can of strong liquor, and walk with swords in the chaotic world of the Three Kingdoms! More team missions and government missions will also be available at the same time, which will definitely leave you dazzled and overwhelmed! The Three Kingdoms Seal Soul is looking forward to you joining the world in battle! Customer service phone number for "Three Kingdoms Seal Soul": 028-66822944 Customer service email for "Three Kingdoms Seal Soul": gm@gfinger.cn
Mobile online game "Time and Space": Planting Trees for All and Getting Excellent Equipment. In early spring in March, grass grows and eagles fly through the air. The chill of winter has not yet faded, and spring comes towards us with a green atmosphere. The spring breeze blows green the tender shoots on the branches and the small grass on the ground, making "Time and Space OL" spring all over the earth. On the occasion of Arbor Day on March 12th, "Time and Space" is holding a special event called "Planting Trees for All, Striving to Be Model Workers, and Getting the Best Equipment": You can log in to "Time and Space" at any time on March 12th, find 3 seeds and 1 pack of fertilizer, and plant a precious silver fir tree. Time and Space will issue you a "Model Worker Certificate". As long as you collect enough Model Worker Certificates, you can exchange them for precious purple equipment, and even have the chance to get a set of four purple equipment! However, each person can only exchange once, so it would take some brain cells to carefully weigh whether to spend less time exchanging a purple outfit or collecting enough certificates to exchange for a set! In addition, the city control battle every Saturday will also sound the war drum. Can you clear all the siege monsters? Can you drive the defending gang out of their territory and seize the Power Crystal? Saturday at 19:00, we look forward to you and your brothers galloping on the battlefield, seizing the city and land! Space time OL - Cross time team collaboration instance in different places, causal cycle cross time and space tasks!
Mobile online game "Journey to the West OL" three major sects tips "Journey to the West OL" is an MMORPG KJAVA game set in Journey to the West, where players can play the roles of the three major sects: General's Mansion, Fangcun Mountain, and Dragon Palace. Sect: General's Mansion The General's Mansion is located in Chang'an City, where the founding heroes of the Tang Dynasty gather, all of whom are skilled in warfare. Although the world is now settled, demons are everywhere. The General's Mansion is gathering capable people to jointly eliminate demons. The General's Mansion has excellent physical attack and defense capabilities, with extremely strong physical explosive power, and only its weak points are spell attack and defense. Suggestion to add: Life, physical attack Sect: The founder of Fangcun Mountain, Bodhi Patriarch, is a great master from outside the world, with boundless teachings and numerous disciples. The disciples of Fangcun Mountain take it as their duty to act for heaven, subdue demons and monsters, and have been highly praised by the world. Fangcun Mountain is an excellent and stable spell output sect, with slightly weaker attack and defense, but possessing powerful spell group attack skills. Suggestion: Life, Law Attack Sect: Dragon Palace Dragon Palace originates from the deep sea, and the Four Seas Dragon King governs the seasons and weather changes of the human world, which is revered by everyone. The disciples of the Dragon Palace rarely walk in the mortal world, but demons and monsters abound in the world, and dragon sons and daughters, who are gods of their own side, have taken action to maintain stability in the human world. Dragon Palace is an all-around sect with balanced attack and defense, possessing sustained poison damage, powerful healing assistance abilities, and the strongest ability to continue fighting among all sects. Suggestion to add points: Adding points to different factions' attributes such as life, physical attack, and internal power directly affects combat ability. In addition, it is necessary to timely replace higher-level equipment and allocate pet attribute points, master the small skills in each link, and help you travel westward smoothly. Regarding "Journey to the West OL": Journey to the West OL is an MMORPG mobile game set against the backdrop of the mythology and legends of Journey to the West. Players take on the roles of three major sects: General's Mansion, Fangcun Mountain, and Dragon Palace, embarking on a journey of slaying demons and eliminating monsters in the world of Journey to the West. The game features dazzling weapon changes and martial arts spells, cute pet companions, gang building, marriage and house building, arena competition, and thousand person team battles, providing players with a fantastic gaming experience and extreme challenges. Enter the game: Mobile official website: http://wap.01234.com.cn , choose Quick Entry
The 50+Demon Slayer Campaign and the all-new Purple Armor in "Twin Cities OL" are about to open. The hero assembly order has been issued, and heroes are ready to fight. Go to the new campaign to realize your ambitions and seize your exclusive brand new Purple Armor. The upcoming campaign is from level 50 to level 100, and the new campaign instance continues the characteristics of the previous one, which cannot be compared to ordinary battles in terms of scale and difficulty. In addition to the single player dungeon battles set up, both two person and five person battles require players to launch joint attacks. The heroes participating in the battle must have twelve points of courage and fighting spirit, cooperate and break through the lines of defense and numerous traps set by demons, in order to achieve the final victory in the battle. The Tangram continent has been in dire straits since the invasion of demons. Although the crisis has temporarily eased through the fierce resistance of heroes, the demons have not given up. The latest intelligence shows that the demons are eager to move again, deploying new battle plans and gradually implementing them. They have set numerous obstacles, greatly increasing the difficulty and excitement of the battles. After winning, the heroes have the opportunity to obtain epic level equipment that has never appeared before. Taking the following three battles as an example: Battle 1: The people of Tangram Continent built a sacrificial garden to commemorate the ancient heroes, but since the demon rampaged, this sacrificial garden has been abandoned. It is unknown when the tall statues commemorating the warriors began to become defensive fortresses for the goblins. The tall bodies of the stone statues provide a strong defense barrier for these dirty guys, who work day and night, endangering all directions. Therefore, they must not let go of the annoying pests and continue to desecrate the ancient heroes. After a long period of hard work, these towering hero statues have become indestructible, and their strength cannot be underestimated. Heroes on the expedition must be careful. Battle 2: Expeditionary Force of the Outland - Defending the Outland Gate is a mysterious passage connecting the Tangram continent and the demon world. Suddenly, the sealed Outland Gate was opened by a powerful force, and groups of demons bloodied the camp. When they stood firm, the entire continent would really sway in the rain of blood and wind. They must be eliminated in one fell swoop while they were still standing. Heroes, work hard to defend the last stronghold. Battle Three: The Magic Research Institute has shifted its original intention of learning magic from protecting oneself or benefiting others to making oneself invincible in this world where the law of the jungle prevails.   High risk is destined to have high returns. The equipment dropped in the upcoming new campaign will be epic purple equipment that has not appeared before, with greatly improved attributes to ensure that the hero can escape unscathed in high-intensity battles. After obtaining equipment in the campaign, the hero can also gain stronger strength in other battles to resist demons. The 50+Demon Slayer Campaign is about to open, and new challenges are coming. Heroes, prepare for battle and gather at any time. Let's go together to eliminate the raging demons and restore a clear sky to Tangram. Don't miss out on the exciting content of the battle, stay tuned! Game Name: Twin Cities, Castle Developer: Tangtu Technology Official Website: www.tc3g. netWap Website: wap.tc3g. net Game Format: SIS/SISX Compatible Models: S60, 1st, 2nd, 3rd Edition Mobile. Nokia3230、6600、6681、7610、7650、N70、N72、Nokia-N90、Nokia-N-Gage、QD、 Samsung D720, etc. Nokia-N79、,N73、,N76、,N78、,N81、N82、,N93、,N95、,N96、5700、6120C、6210N、6122C、6220C、6290、Nokia6650F、NokiaE50、NokiaE51、NokiaE66、,Nokia5320XM Wait. Samsung: G810/G818, i408i408, i450/i458, i550, i558, i560, i8510, L870, L878, etc.
The love tragedy shared by "Daughter's Country OL" and reality is reminiscent of Journey to the West, which in turn brings to mind many cups and utensils. After watching Zhu Bajie, I thought of cows again. - Write it at the beginning. Iron Fan Princess and Bull Demon King - the most common extramarital affair in reality. The love between Iron Fan Princess and Bull Demon King can be summarized in one sentence: flowers are planted in cow dung. The story of two people falling in love has become a legend. I guess Princess Iron Fan was very optimistic about the future of the Bull Demon King, who was just a small thug at the time, and thought it was a potential stock, preparing for long-term investment. After years of hard work, the Bull Demon King lived up to expectations and successfully achieved a magnificent transformation from a small bandit to a big rogue. Every successful man has a great woman, and Iron Fan Princess is such a woman. At this point, the Bull Demon King couple had nothing to worry about. With children, there is also money. You can enjoy your remaining years. I didn't expect that heroes don't ask about their origins, and thugs don't ask about their age. The Bull Demon King, relying on some spare money, raised a mistress outside. Xiao San's name is Yu Mian Fox, and he is a fox spirit. In a fit of anger, Princess Iron Fan and Bull Demon King separated. In fact, the relationship between these two people involves how women can keep their husbands' hearts. A loving couple becomes smooth and plain due to the polishing of time. A beautiful woman's youth is gone, but a middle-aged man's ambition remains, and a seductive third party appears. Time took away the beauty of a middle-aged woman and also took away her courage to pursue love... Between the beauty of a third party and the change of his wife, the man chose the former. So love began to fade away
Warm up and prepare the "Fengshen OL" gift box to exchange for a great value gift. Did you check your backpack during the Spring Festival? As of March 3rd, when you go online on "Fengshen OL" from 13:00-14:00 or 20:00-21:00 every day, you can get a free "Spring Festival gift box". Attention, students who have received gift boxes! You can start redeeming small gifts immediately after the update on March 3rd! Dumplings and firecrackers are essential for the Spring Festival; The essential roses for Valentine's Day, the gift box is filled with them all. On March 3rd, exchange dumplings, firecrackers, and roses for another round of free gifts after the Spring Festival. Not only will you receive them for free during the New Year, but you will continue to receive them for free after the New Year. Players who have not received the gift box should go online quickly. This once-in-a-day opportunity is definitely not to be missed! The first large-scale 3G mythical mobile online game "Fengshen Online" features exquisite and delicate 3D graphics and a hundred realistic and beautiful scenes; Massive and novel plot tasks * Unique and top-notch costume changes in thousands of ways; A versatile gemstone that ignites energy, with a mysterious and unfathomable cave opening; Noble tells of a variety of professional races with diverse gameplay for horse drawn carriages; Exciting and tempting dungeon exploration * a vivid cross server battlefield; The domineering feudal lords who lead the side * enjoy satisfying PK kills; Sweet and privileged marriage system * friendly and smooth chatting and making friends;   Customer service phone: 022-58113111 Customer service email: gamekefu@kongzhong.com Mobile (computer) login: fs.kong.net
Guide to "Daughter Country OL": The recent grand opening of gang wars in the gang system provides a platform for competitive communication between gangs. If you want to establish a powerful gang, you need to have an understanding of the gang system. The gang is divided into four levels, and players can increase their gang level by building their own gang to expand the maximum number of people the gang can accommodate. Level 1 gangs are the lowest level, requiring a daily deduction of 50000 gold coins and 60 gang building degrees from gang assets, with a maximum of 40 members. Upgrading to a level 2 gang requires a gang building degree of 5000, deducting 1 million gang funds and a maximum of 60 members. Additionally, a level 2 gang requires a daily deduction of 100000 and 120 gang building degrees from gang assets. Upgrading to level 3 requires a gang building degree of 10000, deducting 5 million union funds and a maximum of 80 members, and a daily deduction of 150000 and 240 gang building degrees from gang assets. Upgrading to level 4 requires a gang building degree of 50000, deducting 10 million gang funds and a maximum of 100 members. A daily deduction of 250000 and 400 gang building degrees is required. When the gang's assets or construction level are insufficient to meet daily needs, and the delay exceeds 2 days, the gang will be automatically downgraded, and the maximum number of members will be reduced. If existing members are not expelled, new members cannot be recruited if the number exceeds the limit. If the gang leader needs to recruit new members, they must dismiss some members to keep the number of members below the upper limit. Gang members can contribute tasks to the gang through the cold faced scholars in Liangcheng, providing constructive support to maintain and strengthen their own gang. Suggestion for "Daughter Country": Due to the high daily payment fees and the need to upgrade factions, most of the factions in the game are level 1. It is advisable to lower the requirements and increase the rewards for tasks of the Cold faced Scholar Gang. There will be more powerful gangs emerging. For more updates, please follow the official website of "Daughter Country OL": http://girl.9520520.com/ Daughter Country OL wap: http://wap.9520.com/
The new version of Civilization II has appeared, and the new features have shocked and ignited the raging clouds and waters of the four seas, causing turbulence and thunder in the five continents! In late March, the latest version of Civilization II will debut with new features! Function upgrade! Strategic upgrade! Experience upgrade! Although it's March, it's a heatwave coming! Passion is coming! Amidst the anticipation of the vast number of players, the new version and new features have finally emerged after much anticipation! Since the first version was launched on January 8th, the Civilization II team has been actively collecting feedback and opinions from players. Based on the needs of players, a new version has been released again. Thank you to all players for your unremitting support of Civilization II! The latest version of Civilization II comprehensively introduces new features! Guild functions, consignment functions, copy functions, enemy functions, and more humanized subtle designs are waiting for you to open in person! In the new version, you will experience the heroic gathering of dragons and the ultimate boss, battlefield battles, and the passionate portrayal of grudges and relationships! Below, we will first present first-hand information on the new version's features and interpret its profound meaning! The new version of the client is about to be released, everyone is waiting and watching! List of Upgrades and optimizations for the New Version: 1. Added Account Security and Confidentiality Features 2. Added Consignment Trading Features 3. Added Copy Features 4. Added Guild Features 5. Added Enemy Features 6. Added Merchant NPC "Auto Sell" Function, which automatically sells white clothes and miscellaneous items 7. Added MP display for teammates in the battle squad 8. Added: Added prompts for funds consumed in the registration menu for the martial arts competition 9. Added: Icon prompts for receiving private chat messages during chat 10. Added: Player's Warehouse Savings Function 11. Added: Pressing the # key can change the chat box to three states: full screen, normal, and hidden. 12. Addition: Added the "send email" function in the chat history. 13. Correction: Adjusted the team creation method and the mechanism for joining the team. 14. Correction: The chat box is displayed semi transparent, and the chat channel and the do not disturb switch are set separately. 15. Correction: The rule for items falling during collection tasks. 16. Correction: Strengthened the punishment for famous players. 17. Correction: Refined random items to avoid previous attribute items. 18. Correction: Corrected the way player nicknames are displayed in the surrounding list. 19. Correction: Adjusted the use of the # key to open the chat history, which defaults to the latest chat information. 20. Cancel: The input phone number box function in the registration account interface - Guild function - The stung dragon has fallen asleep, and a roar moves thousands of mountains,! By reaching level 40 and paying 150W game coins to the guild administrator, you can own your own guild. After the guild is established, you will have your own guild territory, guild warehouse, etc. You can improve your guild level by completing guild tasks, using upgrade gems, and other means. Guild will bring together all like-minded friends in the game into a big family, making it more convenient to hold large-scale events. Highlight: A guild is a "home", and every guild member has the obligation to contribute their own strength to this "home". Civilization II allows all players to feel an unprecedented sense of "home". Consignment function - Golden scales are nothing in the pool, they can turn into dragons in the face of storms! If the level reaches level 20 or above and you bring sufficient consignment fees, you can submit a consignment request to the consignment merchant. If no player purchases within 48 hours, the consignment item will be returned to the player by email. With the consignment function, transactions can be completed anytime and anywhere, without worrying about delaying upgrade time. A player can simultaneously publish up to 60 items. Highlight: A blessing for all players, perhaps you can find products that are much cheaper than the market price here. This will create one group after another of professional merchants! Copy Function - Resolutely strategize and dominate the universe, execute simplicity and shake the world! By reaching level 40 and carrying sufficient materials and access fees, you can guide the dungeon of "Ark Town" into the "Broken Abyss" instance. The instance will brush elite monsters and may also encounter instance bosses, which will reveal better equipment. The 'abyss' is not scary, having a determination to burn your bridges may make you shine throughout the entire server. Highlight: Playing dungeons requires traditional equipment, and this is no exception. More epic level dream equipment is waiting for you to obtain. Enemy function - fight for 100000 heads of blood, must restore the power of the universe! The enemy function will automatically record players who successfully launch a surprise attack on themselves. Players can view the attacker's nickname and even their current status, such as whether they are online or their current level, location, etc., through the enemy list at any time. This feature will try its best to help players easily and conveniently seek revenge against attackers. Compete and fight against "enemies", "throw your head and shed your blood", and experience an unprecedented PK pleasure! Highlight: "If people don't offend me, I won't offend. If people offend me, I will definitely offend", will be perfectly interpreted here! Whether it's an enemy or a friend, the first battle is clear. This time, we also modified the semi transparent display of the chat box, separated the chat channel and the do not disturb switch, adjusted the team creation method, and the mechanism for joining the team. More changes and new gameplay will be described one by one in the game. Thank you again for your love of Civilization II. Haina Player Wisdom Refining Boutique Mobile Game [Development Company]: Guangzhou Yingzheng [Official Website]: wm.3guu.com/web/WAP, Site: wm.3guu.com/wap/[Customer Service Phone]: 4008803999
The player's first experience of the mobile online game "Zhu Shen" was introduced by a friend. At that time, I wanted to go out and play with a friend, but as soon as I entered his room, I heard a strange and funny laugh. I stepped forward and saw him playing a game with his phone in hand. In the picture, a character was riding a majestic mount. What game is this? "I curiously asked my friend. You don't even know how to kill the gods, you're out of touch. "He was obviously attracted by the plot and casually threw a sentence while operating.   I just wanted to ask him to go shopping, but I saw him mysteriously turn around with a strange light in his eyes like a chubby monk! This is different! "He chuckled mischievously." Zhu Shen is the hottest mobile online game! "" Oh? "I took the phone from his hand and looked at him suspiciously." Zhu Shen? It's the kind of mobile online game where you can communicate with other players online? This is the first time I've heard of it. "My friend pretended to be mysterious without answering, and kept asking me to go back and try it out! Give it a try, don't trick me into playing mobile online games, I'm a die hard PC fan! ”I returned the phone to him and confidently said goodbye! That's how I started my journey in 'God Slayer Online'! At the beginning of the game, I was attracted by the exquisite graphics and mysterious plot. After browsing through the descriptions of the four professions, I chose my favorite profession, the King of melee "wrestler", as the starting point for my dream in "God Slayer Online"! At first glance at the game graphics, it really surprised me!   Although I don't have a lot of experience and money, the sense of familiarity is really good, and I feel like I have started to integrate into the game. After completing a few tasks, I finally understood that when it comes to the word "online game", my friends often firmly say that the reason for my appetite is because mobile online games have long storylines that are always played out. However, the constantly updated tasks make me play as long as I want, and play as I want. I always get the plot I want from new tasks. As I complete these tasks, I gradually become able to take on more complex and difficult ones, and I gradually understand the importance of teamwork. This is my online journey to kill gods, and I am writing about it to share with all my fellow players.
Pocket Elf May Day event is shocking and explosive. Do you want to know your own character? Come and accumulate your character value, join the "Pocket Elf" "May Day Explosion Character Value" activity. Participating in activities offers exceptionally generous rewards! After completing the main quest of "Flash Plain", players can receive an adventure quest from the "tour guide" and return it to the "character ambassador". Players form teams to fight monsters in the Peach Blossom Land. During the team formation process, a senior player must serve as the captain. As long as the team member is 30 levels lower than the captain, they can earn 4 times their experience points! If 1-2 team members meet the requirements, the captain can receive 1-2 points of character value accordingly. If the released pet is below level 30 (including 30), it will receive 1 point of character value. If the released pet is above level 31, it will receive a higher character value! In the Peach Blossom Land, the "Character Ambassador" (the administrative guide office of the Elf Maze accepts guidance tasks) can obtain corresponding character value tasks by consuming a certain character value (limited to 10 times per day). Completing the tasks normally will receive task rewards of silver coins, experience, and treasure material boxes (randomly obtained materials upon opening the box). If you repeatedly receive tasks, your character value will be deducted continuously, and you can only take on one task at a time! Forever free, pocket celebration for May Day, enjoy the elf carnival! Pocket Elf adopts a permanently free operation mode (excluding data fees paid to mobile operators), and users only need to install the client to start the game immediately without registering or customizing any services in advance.   Information fee is 0 yuan (excluding communication fees). Please visit the official website www.kdjl.92le.com
This is the best interpretation of the Blood Soul Knight. He is a hero who makes blood dance in the strong wind, holding the Holy Covenant of Blood and renowned for his powerful physical attacks and defenses.   The attributes of characters are divided into two categories: primary attributes and secondary attributes; The main attributes are: strength, agility, physique, intelligence, and spirit; The auxiliary attributes are divided into: physical attack, physical defense, magic attack, magic defense, hit, dodge, fatal, heavy strike, and shooting speed. After upgrading, all five attributes of the Blood Soul Knight will be enhanced. The Blood Soul Knight focuses on improving three attributes: strength, agility, and physique, with the most important being strength. Intelligence and spirit have little impact on the Blood Soul Knight. And auxiliary attributes are correspondingly changed due to the improvement of their own attributes, and of course, they will also be increased or decreased through equipment replacement. Alright, we will discuss the attributes of Blood Soul Knights in two situations: they focus more on fighting monsters, missions, and activities: this type mainly emphasizes physical attacks, physical defenses, hit rates, and critical strikes. As the main means of attack and defense for Blood Soul Knights, physical attack and defense are naturally indispensable; The price paid for high attack and high defense is insufficient hit, so hit is also a necessary attribute for Blood Soul Knights; As the most effective way to increase damage, a fatal strike is naturally the best choice for defeating monster knights. Martial arts and PK type: This type mainly focuses on physical attack, physical defense, hit rate, and shooting speed. As is widely known, regardless of the type, physical attack is the most important attribute of knights; Facing players with higher evasion, the hit requirements for PK type Blood Soul Knights are much higher than those for fighting monsters; As for the shooting speed, in turn based games, regardless of whether the attack damage is more or less, if it is faster than the opponent's shooting speed, it naturally has a slightly higher winning rate, so shooting speed is also our first choice. No matter what type of Blood Soul Knight, strength and physique are definitely essential. As the two self attributes that knights upgrade and improve the most, the bonus for strength and physique is also the highest: Strength: increases physical attacks and physical defense more frequently; Physical fitness: Increases HP upper limit and slightly enhances various defenses;   Haina Player Intelligence, Refining Boutique Mobile Games [Development Company]: Guangzhou Yingzheng [Official Website]: wm.3guu.com/web/[WAP Site]: wm.3guu.com/wap/[Customer Service Phone]: 4008803999
The online game "Wulin OL" effortlessly creates a star rated top-notch costume, a classic martial arts themed mobile game. The world of "Wulin OL" is a martial arts world that many passionate men aspire to. Here, players can equip themselves with powerful equipment, practice top-level martial arts skills, elect the leaders of five major sects, command the world's heroes, and experience the profoundness of Chinese martial arts! In order to make it easier for players to achieve their martial arts dreams, on March 16th, "Wulin OL" launched a popular star transfer system with engraved stars! The engraved star transfer system is a new system launched in Wulin OL. Through the engraved star transfer system, players can transfer the star level of their original engraved star equipment to equipment that has not been engraved, and restore the original equipment to its unprinted state. When transferring star ratings, players need to pay attention to the following points: 1. The transferred equipment must be pre engraved equipment; 2. When transferring equipment, all the star ratings and attributes provided by the star ratings of the equipment itself will be transferred to the transferred equipment; 3. The transferred equipment must be unprinted and in a bound state. Each time it is transferred, it will receive all the star ratings and attributes brought by the transferred equipment; 4. Star level transfer requires the consumption of the item 'Star Level Transfer Codex', which cannot be used directly and can only be automatically consumed during transfer. The transfer success rate is 100%, and only one Star Level Codex is consumed each time the transfer is successful. Are you confused about equipment star ratings? Do you want to quickly build super star rated equipment? Then hurry up and log in to "Wulin OL" (WAP official website: wl. pipgame. cn)! The brand new star transfer system in Wulin OL helps you achieve star transfer and easily create stronger equipment! May Wulin OL become the apple of billions of players' eyes!   wl@pipgame.cn
In the game "Daughter Country OL", we often see prompts like "Player X with the Xth highest prestige ranking in the entire server has gone online", which is very trendy and enviable. If you also want to go online, there will be a full server announcement, and you will become a celebrity in the entire server from then on? So we need to start by understanding the reputation system. The reputation of a character comes from the sum of reputation scores in 8 aspects, and the specific calculation method is as follows: 1. The judgment of character level reputation is the simplest, with each level of character level being 1 point of reputation. 2. The calculation of the score for the expedition pet column is based on the number of stars of the character's expedition pet. The number of stars of the pet is added to its reputation. The equipment quality is calculated by adding the reputation scores of each piece of equipment on the character's body to obtain the total quality score of the character's equipment. The specific reputation scores corresponding to various equipment qualities are shown in Table 4. The number of equipment holes is calculated based on the total number of holes in the character's entire body equipment. The calculation method for each piece of equipment is 1 hole 2 points, 2 holes 5 points, and the total score of all equipment is the reputation. 5. The total number of high-quality gems embedded in the full body equipment of high-quality characters is determined by the number of high-quality gems, and the reputation is determined by the number of gems. 6. The total score of the character's full body equipment addition is the reputation value of the item. The additional level and corresponding score for each equipment is 7. The total score of the equipment forging character's full body equipment forging gems (level 6 or above) is the reputation for that item. If an equipment hits two level 6 or above gems, its reputation is the sum of the reputation brought by these two gems. The specific forging score for each equipment is: 8. Members of the Gang Totem Guild can obtain attribute resistance for different totems through their beliefs. Based on the level of resistance they possess, the corresponding reputation score is determined as follows: The final reputation score is the sum of the above scores. Work hard to improve your reputation. As long as you understand the reputation system and make targeted improvements, I believe reputation improvement is not difficult. I wish you the best in the next announcement! Games cannot last a lifetime, but true love can last forever; Origin and fate fade away, yet fate continues; love arises and continues! A brand new gaming experience can be found in the new game "Daughter Country OL". For more details, please follow the official website of "Daughter Country OL":, http://girl.9520520.com/ Daughter Country OL wap:, http://wap.9520.com/
Mobile online game "Shenqi OL" hot player review "Shenqi Online" has been loved and supported by players since its internal testing. After this period of exploration, many players have started writing player reviews about "Shenqi Online". What is the evaluation of a game in the eyes of players? Please take a look at today's selection of hot player reviews: First, let me introduce my personal experience and insights. 1： Equipment, there is a major breakthrough in the new instant dressing system, where shoulders, legs, clothing, head, shoes, weapons... are all changed according to the description of the equipment. This will mark a new chapter in the innovation history of the mobile gaming industry in 2010. PS: The top of the human male mage (long horse hanging) needs to be modified, and it currently displays the same as the female mage Changjun. Novice Assistance System: It's very complex, starting with tasks to build the engine, but the task descriptions are messy and difficult to understand! PS: If the introduction and help of each system could be added to the menu, it would take two to three hours to fully understand the Shenqi system, which is so huge! Teaming System: The teaming system is not as good as Kyushu's. I hope "Deep Blue" can continue to work hard and not move backwards. Sitting Qi System: Prince Charming, riding horses and fighting to fully enjoy the heroic qualities. The ratio of movement speed is 1:2, which clearly increases the movement speed by 50%. PS: It would be even more perfect if we could distinguish between the finest horses and their colors. Because mounts are now essential in every game, only innovation can win the hearts of players. Screen: The screen only has a 2D effect, which is a bit outdated. Perhaps the official is considering the stance of Ruiji. (No comment) Chat system: The chat system works perfectly with Kyushu Yizhi and comes with shortcut codes. For example, backpack items: [b+number], where the number is only on the nth item in the backpack. Emojis: Emojis are #+numbers, with numbers ranging from 1-10, etc. Marriage system: Not unknown (time issue not discovered) Enhancement system: Currently strengthened to six, but it is very inhumane and the system is confused. In the test, I am a warrior, but all six enhancement attributes are based on additive law, including magic defense, magic hit, magic resistance, divine magic attack, and divine magic resistance. This is of no use to a warrior. PS: Although the reinforcement is 100% and the failure is still intact, what about the public beta?   Charging is a matter of personal preference for players, but the biggest fear is that illegal elements may manipulate items. Don't follow the path of failure in Kyushu. Monster fighting system: It's a bit slow and can't move instantly during attacks, making the operation skills in monster fighting monotonous. Server: Maybe it's an internal test, often experiencing screen freezing, image freezing, and a bug where incorrect operations cause it to freeze and not move. PK: At present, the initial price status cannot be experienced. All I can say in front of me is:. Comparing who has more skills, who has thicker blood and attack value. Shortcut keys: There are five shortcut keys left in three rows, for a total of fifteen shortcut keys. In the case of a wide range of skills, these fifteen shortcuts are seriously insufficient. The analysis is as follows: quick mount, backpack, add red, add blue, seek passage. This is a necessary second row. The world map, tasks, collection, switching targets (pet battles), and switching display effects are displayed in the third row. Can the remaining five shortcuts be used? After testing, both professions have two commonly used skills, one auxiliary skill and one state increasing skill. This way, even the quick backpack has to be taken out of the menu. It must be changed, at least 24 grids like Kyushu.   Shenqi Online 2010 is an absolutely crazy game that subverts the traditional online gaming world and takes you into the unknown magical kingdom of Elussion. In March 2010, the magical masterpiece of Beijing Deep Blue Creative Entertainment - "Shenqi Online" opened up a wonderful journey full of adventure and many mysterious challenges for you. You must not miss the moment to witness miracles with friends. Official website of "Shenqi Online": obmgame.cn/sq "Shenqi Online" Customer service: 010-82055563 "Shenqi Online" Customer service email: gm@obmgame.com
With the opening of level 70 content in "Zhu Shen Online", we have prepared more than ten new and stunning mounts for everyone. Let's take a look together today! Added a "Hippo" mount at level 20, increasing movement speed by 20%. Added the "Seven Colored Deer" mount at level 45, increasing movement speed by 40%. At level 60, mounts such as "Kung Fu Panda", "Prison Wolf", "Colorful Divine Bull", and "Spirit Teeth White Elephant" have been added, increasing movement speed by 50%. At level 70, four new mounts have been added: "Armor?", "Battle Tiger", "Unicorn Rhinoceros", and "Flame Lion". These newly added mounts will not only be sold in the mount store for everyone to purchase, but some mounts will also be obtained by dropping them in the instance! For specific details, please enter the game and actively explore! Regarding 'Zhu Shen Online', it is an MMORPG real-time combat mobile game developed and operated by T4game. Set against the backdrop of 'Fengshen Yanyi', a brand new fantasy world of immortals and demons has been created. Exquisite graphics, cool skills, convenient chatting, and explosive PK will bring you a brand new experience! Operation team T4game of 'Zhu Shen Online': it's, time, for, game!
Love me, give me the rose title "Love me, give me the rose title" has become a popular slogan for couples in "Apocalypse Online". From February 2nd to February 23rd, "Apocalypse Online" sparked a "rose craze", collecting 99 "legendary roses" can be exchanged for "Rose Baby, Rose Angel" titles, as well as various huge experience cards. Double the collection and receive double the gift! The event is coming to an end soon, everyone, hurry up and collect redemption! Step 1: Collect 99 "Legendary Roses" and exchange them for a "Pink Rose" at the "NPC Rose Dance" section. Step 2: Exchange "pink roses" for gifts and titles. (1) Owning one 'Pink Rose' can earn you the title of 'Rose Baby' at the 'Rose Dance' section; (2) Owning 10 'Pink Roses' can earn you the title of' Rose Angel 'at the' Rose Dance 'location; (3) Players who own one "Pink Rose" can exchange it for one "Double Experience Card" at the "Rose Dance" section; (4) Players with 3 "Pink Roses" can redeem 1 "3x Experience Card" at the "Rose Dance" section; (5) Players with 5 "Pink Roses" can redeem 1 "60 Hour Experience Card" at the "Rose Dance" section. The most popular mobile online game with millions of users, "Tianjia Online," is produced by Tianjin Mammoth, a well-known mobile game developer under Skynet. It has 7 million registered users and tens of thousands of online users. For 12 consecutive months, it has topped the popularity rankings on mobile game portal forums and was the most popular real-time combat magical mobile online game of 2009. Download method: Edit the mobile SMS "TJ" and send it to 106633554455 to join the popular mythological battlefield of "Tianjia Online" for free. Customer service phone: 022-58113111 Customer service email: gamekefu@kongzhong.com
This year's Easter is from 0:00 on April 4th to 24:00 on April 10th. Recently, I have read a lot of reports about the drought in Southwest China. Young children carrying baskets bigger than their own bodies and walking long mountain roads to fetch water are making people cry. I believe many friends on Baby Dream Network have also seen those heartbreaking scenes. This week is Easter, a day that symbolizes hope and reminds people of those who are suffering. But while we are grieving for our friends in the disaster area, shouldn't we actually do the small things around us and cherish the little things we have now!!! In the clear water, emerald green trees, and playful conversations of everyone in Baby Dream Network, will any friend think of the dull gaze of people on another desolate land? I believe that players of Baby must be cherishing every drop of water we have now!! Mobile login to Mobile Dream Network - Online Games - "Baby Kingdom" section for free download! For more information, please follow the official website: http://baby.pri-song.com/
Wulin OL "fully interprets the life of a great hero. Since its launch, Wulin OL has been providing players with a comprehensive experience of the charm of the martial arts world through its gorgeous game graphics, various gorgeous sets, explosive and shocking skill effects, refreshing battles, easy to learn operations, and intriguing systems! As a classic martial arts themed mobile online game masterpiece created with great effort, "Wulin OL" also features numerous user-friendly systems designed to cater to players! 【 Caring for Players Function 1: Sect Tribute Exchange Experience, Quickly Level Up 】 Sect contribution exchange experience points is a new feature recently opened to all sect members in Wulin OL! Now all members of the sect can use the mysterious pool at the sect base to exchange rich experience with their contribution to their sect, and upgrade more quickly! 【 considerate player function 2: instant teleportation, saving valuable time 】 "Wulin OL" has launched a magnificent relay station teleportation function. Through the Wulin relay station teleportation function, players can enjoy teleportation services from Jingnan Town, Jingcheng, Chang'an, Yumen Town, Tianshui City, Chengdu Prefecture, and Yongle Town. However, to reduce risks, the relay station administrator temporarily only provides teleportation services from high-level areas to low-level areas. Now players can instantly move from one end to the other, go wherever they want, and save valuable game time! 【 Caring for Players Function 3: Sect Technology, Multiple Benefits 】 The 'Tiangong Kaiwu' Sect Technology System is a system for players from the five major sects to activate their sect technology and enjoy numerous benefits. Through sect technology, players can increase their tea tasting experience, monster killing experience, and punching probability by up to 25%! The numerous user-friendly systems in Wulin OL make it more convenient and enjoyable for players to play the game, allowing them to fully experience their own exciting martial arts career! If you are a fan of martial arts online games, then "Wulin OL" (WAP official website: wl. ipgame. cn) is definitely your first choice online game! May Wulin OL become the apple of billions of players' eyes!   wl@pipgame.cn
As we all know, our "Bang Bang Tang" event has many activities, is popular, and has rich prizes. There are also many participating friends, and to win many prizes, it is necessary for friends to participate in more activities. The following friend's post is shocking. It turns out that she has already won so many prizes. Title:? ♥? Secret Base Author:? ✽??? ♥? Intestinal rupture? Wild grass? Xi Xi Xi Xi (1288088) Content: Bored and restless. This post is my secret base. Author Profile: ♥ Name: Xiaoxi Fan, ♥ Bar number: 1288088, ♥ Age: Millennium old demon ♥ Hobbies of playing baseball: wandering around, hanging corpses against Jin San... This is the first time that baseball has won a big prize, and I was extremely excited at that time! With the first time, I have more confidence in supporting the activities of Bang Bang Tang. My competition slogan remains the same: the key is to participate! Thank you to Bangnu and all the staff at Bangbangtang for recognizing my talent... I feel a bit proud now. That's really bad~I want to make a decision... Of course, I should be most grateful to those friends who helped me vote. Thank you for your continued support, and thank you to so many good friends who care about me. I love you all... and I also want to thank my family who have always loved me... It seems that this friend has gained a lot and is truly our role model! So we also need to learn more from her, pay more attention to activities, actively participate in activities, let's move all the prizes home together!
The popular European game "Super Block Gladiator" has been launched with great success. "Super Block Gladiator" - the hottest game of this century, has won up to 28 awards worldwide. Its innovative gameplay and simple rules make you addicted to it, and its unprecedented gameplay has made it the hottest mainstream urban game! The "Super Block Gladiator" (GL Handmade Edition), carefully crafted by the world's top game developer Gameloft, has been fully launched today!   The game combines four game systems and requires players to adapt their strategies according to the situation. Gameloft has designed a multiplayer mode that caters to the needs of avid players, allowing you to engage in battles with friends in any gameplay at any time! The entry rules are extremely simple, do you want to play well? It's not that easy! It is this enjoyable and fun gaming experience that makes you unable to stop fighting all night long! You, who possess both intelligence and courage, do not miss out!
The new world of "Shenqi Online" awaits you to conquer the Q-version magical mobile online game "Shenqi Online" created by Deep Blue Creative Entertainment. The public beta of "Shenqi Online" is approaching. The brand new character image and profession have already given us a feast for the eyes. The new continent will also make a hot debut with the start of the public beta. Are you ready to embark on a new journey? Let me take you on a tour of the mysterious desert of Anosak. Legend has it that there is a race called 'element', which is older than the dragon and elf races, possesses powerful abilities, and is also one of the races revered by humans. Humanity once attempted to ally with the elements, but the ancient elemental clan did not agree and remained neutral. The angels who were demoted to the human world due to rebellion are called Fallen Winged Angels. They invaded many places in Elussion, and the Elemental Clan had no choice but to seek help from the four major races of Elussion. Corundum and Jadeite settled in Anosak and fought alongside the Elemental Clan to resist the invasion of Fallen Winged Angels. A fierce battle is about to unfold in the seemingly calm and mysterious continent of 'Anosak'. Let's fight together for justice, for peace, and to protect the place where we inhabit. On this mysterious continent, the city of Kaklo, the Dibulo Desert, the Gobi Desert, campsites, oases, and the Lake of Meteorite have all opened simultaneously. Everything is so novel, let's wait and see, the new world of 'Divine Covenant Online' is waiting for you to conquer. A brand new world and new content will be unveiled one by one. Please stay tuned, players. In March 2010, the magical masterpiece "Shenqi Online" by Beijing Shenlan Creative Entertainment opened up a wonderful journey full of adventure and many mysterious challenges for you. A brand new journey is waiting for you to explore.
Members of the mobile community "Bang Bang Tang" will receive gifts every day when they log in. In order to thank their friends for their long-term support and love for "Bang Bang Tang", the official has specially prepared the following activities to give back to everyone. The activities are very simple, as long as you do something, all the prizes of the activities can be taken home! Hehe * ^ ο ^ * 1. Login to send members. From April 1st to April 20th, every account will receive a free membership upon logging into the game for the first time every day! For 20 consecutive days, don't miss out! Secondly, reply with crystal. Check the top post "Happy Crystal Delivery" in the boyfriend and girlfriend section of the "Bang Bang Tang" community. Reply to any number from 0-9 in this post, and the last digit of the winning 3D lottery number on the deadline of 20:30 pm will be the lucky number. Players who correctly reply to this lucky number within the specified time will receive a 1000 crystal reward, but the number replied by each account for the first time will prevail. Starting from 21:00 on March 29th, there will be one session per day until 20:00 on April 7th. The specific activity schedule is shown in the following picture: Friends, are you ready? Then come and fill up the warehouse with Little Bang Girl~The super popular casual chess and card online game "Bang Bang Tang" that gathers many trendsetters! Don't feel lonely again when you come! The atmosphere of making friends is everywhere! [Development/Operation Company]: Joyful Unlimited [Official Website]: www.bbt.cn [WAP Website]: wap.bbt.cn [Customer Service Phone]: 400-6060-995
The selection of the Star of Tianxing in "Tianxing Amusement Park" is currently in full swing. "The most gentle bow is like a lotus flower that cannot withstand the cold breeze's shyness." Ladies and gentlemen, do you want to become the center of attention in one fell swoop? Do you want to have super high popularity? Do you want to become a millionaire all at once? What are you waiting for? Whether you are a beautiful and confident fashionable girl or a reserved and shy classical girl, as long as you dare to show yourself, surprises are waiting for you! Come to Tianxing Amusement Park and participate in the Tianxing Star MM Show! Log in to Tianxing.com, enter Tianxing Amusement Park - Tianxing Forum - Tianxing Star section, and you can upload your beautiful photos! This event is divided into three rounds of competition, and after each round of competition, the next round of competition process will be announced: the first round of competition: MM audition participation; Second round of competition: Top 15 MM Wen Cai Xiu; Third round of competition: Top 5 MM ultimate PK. Attention participants! The title of the post should start with 'Star of the Sky', and one personal real-life photo should be attached in the post, with a size of no more than 60k. The remaining time is up to all the ladies to quickly gather their family and friends to vote for themselves. Ladies and gentlemen, don't be idle. Come and vote for your crush! Here's a secret message from the editor: voters also have a chance to win big prizes! Sharing our strength can illuminate each other's path, and we all long for the light of our dreams. The opportunity is in your hands, come to Tianxing Amusement Park and fulfill your dreams! Log in to Tianxing.com for more exciting presentations. Game Name: "Tianxing Amusement Park" Game Category: Leisure Free Mobile Online Game WAP Mobile Official Website: tianxing.com Participation and Voting Time: March 12-2010 March 26 Official Selection Time: March 27-2010 March 28
Analysis of the new expansion pack "Chaos - One Hand Covering the Sky" With the end of the Chaos new expansion pack release conference, many explosive points of "Chaos - One Hand Covering the Sky" have surfaced. The silent frozen continent is about to usher in a passionate rebirth. Who is in charge of the rise and fall of the Chaos continent? 1、 The joy and laughter of this life's reincarnation system, as well as the joys and sorrows of separation and reunion, will all drift away like floating clouds. After reincarnation, there will be another life of love. Can we meet again in this chaotic continent? Reincarnation conditions: Players who have reached level 50 can choose whether to reincarnate or not. (Each character can only undergo one reincarnation), the reincarnation tool - the Alliance of Reincarnations, can be obtained by NPC tower guardians traveling to the chaotic dungeon of the dungeon. Reincarnation Result: After successfully reincarnating, players will receive a special emblem mark based on their profession (with the character's chest flashing dynamically), and their character level will be reduced to level 10. They will also receive 100 attribute points, 15 skill points, and 30 lucky points (1.5 times their natural experience and 1.5 times their drops). Additionally, the consignment system process: Players can spend a deposit of 10 gold coins to hang items for sale in the consignment store, which other players can see and purchase. If the items cannot be sold, they will receive a proportional refund of gold coins.   b), Players are not allowed to initiate/agree to item exchanges; c), Players are not allowed to set up stalls; d), Players are not allowed to carry out warehouse inventory/retrieval operations; e), If the above operations are performed, a unified prompt will be given: "Operation failed: This operation is not allowed during the consignment process." Thirdly, the high risk and high return of Chaos Tower replicas are often proportional, and Chaos Tower can only be challenged after reaching its strength. Dungeon rules: Each player with a level greater than level 40 can enter the Chaos Tower by spending 80 gold coins. This dungeon is limited to one time per person per day, and it is forbidden to open the backpack. Only potions that have been configured in the shortcut keys can be used (and cash items: Life Stone/Magic Stone are invalid). Accessory rewards: The Chaos Tower will be a treasure in the Chaos Continent, and this dungeon can obtain precious items and equipment. And the props required for job transfer will only be revealed in this instance. If you enjoy challenges, don't miss them! 4、 Enhance and strengthen all professional skills, and improve the cost-effectiveness of all professional skill trees. Mainly strengthen previously weaker skills, comprehensively improve PK experience, and create new gameplay! 5、 Adding new chat emojis will enrich players' interactive communication and bring a better gaming environment. 6、 The gold coin market has increased, allowing players to exchange gold coins for game coins, which is the greatest blessing for non RMB players! New expansion pack in chaotic times - One hand covering the sky, Year of the Tiger Spring Festival, shocking!
Exciting! Enjoy the Double Passion of "Fengshen OL"! Good news is coming soon! Have you already planned to relax your tired body and mind? This weekend from January 30th to 31st, "Fengshen OL" has prepared exciting double activities for players, which will definitely be the best time for passionate carnival! From January 30th to 31st, all servers will have double experience in fighting monsters 24/7. The excellent shortcut to experience skyrocketing allows you to quickly upgrade and enjoy pleasure, making you ecstatic! From now on, fighting monsters has become a pleasure, and upgrading is so easy. Double experience helps you climb to the higher throne of 'Fengshen OL'! A 48 hour experience double the passion feast over two days, allowing you to level up in "Fengshen OL" without any obstacles. Get ready in advance now to make this weekend colorful and exciting! The first large-scale 3G mythical mobile online game "Fengshen Online": exquisite and delicate 3D graphics * hundreds of realistic and beautiful scenes; Massive and novel plot tasks * Unique and top-notch costume changes in thousands of ways; A versatile gemstone that ignites energy, with a mysterious and unfathomable cave opening; Noble tells of a variety of professional races with diverse gameplay for horse drawn carriages; Exciting and tempting dungeon exploration * a vivid cross server battlefield; The domineering feudal lords who lead the side * enjoy satisfying PK kills; Sweet and privileged marriage system * friendly and smooth chatting and making friends;   Customer service hotline: 400-650-6628 gamekefu@kongzhong.com
Baby Country "Dream Edition, wearing new clothes to reminisce about childhood, winter vacation, and the upcoming Spring Festival. Perhaps those friends who usually run around noisy cities will involuntarily stop their busy footsteps and relax, and those childhood memories that have been far away from us will slowly return to our minds. Do you still remember the excitement of wearing new clothes every time you were a child? We will be excited for several nights just because of a new outfit!! And I'm also careful not to get dirty when wearing it out! Do you really miss those simple joys of childhood!! Come to Baby Dream Internet Cafe! Baby's leisure and entertainment can bring simple happiness to everyone! Baby's fashionable outfit can also make you look dazzling! Let's relive the joy of childhood!!! Log in to Mobile Dream Network - Online Game Channel - Baby Country Zone for free download!!! Baby Dream Network offers you a choice of fashionable outfits from head to toe, including hairstyles, hats, clothing, and even a car!!! Perfect transformation, let the brand new image bring you a happy mood!! Customer service landline: 0731-82587029 Customer service mobile: 15974181004 Customer service QQ: 569803881 Customer service email: kf@pri-game.com
Just talking is useless, there are pictures and truths! Playing 3D Red Cliff OL not only saves money, but also provides access to a mobile phone mp4、 Recharge card, join now! For more information, please visit the official website g2us.cn and our partner sites! Customer service phone: 15210086673 Customer service email: chibi@g2us.com
After two months of intensive development, the new expansion dungeon of "Cool Pomelo OL" has been released for public testing today, and Cool Pomelo is highly anticipated. According to the scheduled schedule, the beta client for the latest expansion pack "Dungeon" will be officially released on April 13th. This time, the "Dungeon" version has added: 1. dungeon maps and super powerful boss "A Cuo Mao". Honor kills bosses, ranks on the Kuyu leaderboard, and becomes a celebrity admired by players across the server. Zhen Nai, once a master achieves great success, ten thousand bones wither away! Defeating the boss also gives you a chance to obtain skill book fragments, treasure chests, and synthetic materials. Collecting enough fragments to fill a book can teach you mysterious skills. The treasure chest can randomly dispense reward items, and synthetic materials can help you become the strongest. 2. Add three new favorites and animal cages. King of Beasts - Golden Haired Tiger, Fierce and Evil - Piranha, Magical Monster - Flying Badger. Three reserved animal cages, no longer bothered by having nowhere to care for beloved pets; 3. New blood replenishing, skill restoring, and resurrection medicines have been added, which players can purchase from the NPC boss lady in the game. Carry enough medicine on your back, enter the dangerous and maze like underground city, and pass the level to defeat the enemy. Can it be seen that the ultimate boss still needs strength to speak up; 4. The daily limit for arena PK has been increased to 15 matches. Don't worry about not having fun anymore, it's fun but not satisfying to shout out Kuyou. Horizontal version, PK， Strike, fun and not tiring - this is Kuyou Online.
A preliminary exploration of the mysterious and beautiful daughter country in the national system of "Tianwen". Legend has it that in the distant Western Regions, there is a mysterious and beautiful country where all the residents, from the king to the people, are beautiful and gentle women. Tang Monk and his four disciples traveled westward and arrived at this picturesque land of women. The pink curtains fluttered in the wind, and the pink brick walls shone brightly under the sunlight; By the clear spring water, charming women leisurely weave exquisite carpets, butterflies dance in the fragrance of flowers... Xiliang Women's Kingdom is a gentle and beautiful girl sitting in the Western Regions, gazing at the tourists coming and going with a mysterious smile. Jieyang Mountain is a brand new leveling scene, with a gentle breeze blowing on the mountain and cranes leisurely grooming their feathers, exuding a peaceful and comfortable atmosphere everywhere. But there is a simple Taoist temple on the mountaintop that hides a lot of gold and silver treasures? The most precious spring water among the people of the Western Liang Women's Kingdom is also hidden on Daoguan Mountain. What secret is hidden here? On Mount Jieyang, there is a mysterious replica of the Moon Cave, which is densely covered with lava and towering stone pillars, forming various wonderful landscapes. However, Bo Yue Cave is inhabited by a group of female demons led by Scorpion Spirit, who have been fighting against the Daughter Kingdom for many years. When the group of heroes learned that the Scorpion Spirit had recently attempted to kidnap the Crown Prince of the Daughter Kingdom in order to coerce the king into surrendering, whether out of compassion or heroic salvation, a fierce war would inevitably begin
The celebrity meet and greet event will be held on "Fengshen OL" with a wealth of experience. "Fengshen OL" is really lively during the New Year. Famous celebrities such as Zao Wang Ye, Kesai, Shouxing Lao, and Caishen Ye will all gather at Fengshen to celebrate the Spring Festival. They will not officially leave until March 3rd. Their arrival will release a large amount of experience and props, with rich content and infinite surprises. With simple conversations and monster fights, you can get rich gift packages and massive experience. If you want to know the specific activity content, hurry up and log in to "Fengshen OL"! The three major daily festival activities of "Fengshen OL" during the New Year period, "Dragon Lantern Festival", "Foreign Guests", and "New Year Beast Might and Magic", will be open until March 3rd. If you haven't caught this super massive discount experience train during the New Year, hurry up and take it now! There is also the last class, where unexpected experiences and the most practical props are all in front of you. There is no best task, only better tasks! The first large-scale 3G mythical mobile online game "Fengshen Online": exquisite and delicate 3D graphics * hundreds of realistic and beautiful scenes; Massive and novel plot tasks * Unique and top-notch costume changes in thousands of ways; A versatile gemstone that ignites energy, with a mysterious and unfathomable cave opening; Noble tells of a variety of professional races with diverse gameplay for horse drawn carriages; Exciting and tempting dungeon exploration * a vivid cross server battlefield; The domineering feudal lords who lead the side * enjoy satisfying PK kills; Sweet and privileged marriage system * friendly and smooth chatting and making friends;   Customer service phone: 022-58113111 Customer service email: gamekefu@kongzhong.com
On April 8th at noon, the new version and experience of the new version of "King of Glory II" were released in the third district of the mobile network game "King of Glory II". The Spring and Autumn War lasted for three months, and the legend of "King of Glory II" continued in chaotic times. This time, along with the launch of the new district, there is also the latest 0060 version client of "King of Glory II". As is well known, the theme of the new section of "King of Glory II" is 10000 player PK, passionate fighting. The 0060 version of the client has solved the problem of running speed for mid to low end models, increased the display of game skills, and allowed all friends of mid to low end models to experience the magnificence and smoothness of game skills during the process of participating in 10000 player PK. This time, the 0060 version of the client allows all mid to low end models to play games without any lag, and the third zone of "King of Glory II" will also open at noon on April 8th. The opening of the new zone in Wei, Wu, and Yan countries will allow "King of Glory II" to more fully portray the battles of the Spring and Autumn period. New district, new version, and the latest special activities, such as building a gang, advancing to a higher level, and publishing essays, all offer rewards and bring the latest experience. All friends, what are you waiting for? Download the 0060 version client of "King of Glory II" immediately and join the struggle and struggle in the new area of "King of Glory II"! Download method for "King of Glory II": directly log in to the official website bw17.cn on your mobile phone to download the real-time PK mobile online game King of Glory!
The top-notch equipment in "Three Kingdoms Seal Soul" is waiting for you to obtain high-level equipment, which has always been the most prestigious PK treasure in online games. Many players in 'Three Kingdoms Seal Soul' are full of envy towards those heroic people like gods. Dreaming of one day being able to wear golden armor and hold a long spear to search for evil thieves. Unfortunately, due to bad luck, I never had a handy weapon to accompany me through turbulent times. At this point, the equipment system can completely dispel players' thoughts of not being afraid of expensive items, only afraid of having fewer items! High level equipment can not only be obtained by fighting monsters, but also purchased directly from NPCs by players. In the chaotic times of the Three Kingdoms, the smoke of war permeated the battlefield, and hooligans and ruffians struggling in various places wandered on the battlefield, collecting equipment and weapons left by fallen soldiers, including some divine weapons left by famous generals, and of course, more ordinary equipment used by ordinary soldiers. In major cities such as Chengdu, Xuchang, and Jianye, you can see these rogue ruffians selling equipment. The artifact is only in your mind, let's see if you have the luck to buy top-notch equipment among the many! A player friend who dreams of one day being able to fight through the Golden Armor in a hundred battles, the equipment system of "Three Kingdoms Seal Soul" can make you realize such a dream. We have prepared these divine weapons, now it's time for our player friends to show off their heroes.
The Pearl of the Three Kingdoms The brand new a good horse is popular on the line, running thousands of miles on the battlefield, and winning the first place among thousands of soldiers. How can we lose a BMW! On April 20th, the mobile online game "Pearl of the Three Kingdoms" with the orthodox historical theme of the Three Kingdoms, "Pearl of the Palm", was once again launched with a new mount - Huoyuan Huo! In the traditional sense, mounts can only increase movement speed or add some extra attributes. However, in "Pearl Three Kingdoms", you can not only create the most sophisticated equipment for your beloved mount, but also let it learn powerful mount skills, share various skills with you, and fight through life and death together, cultivate and grow! And if you want to obtain the unparalleled stallion - Liaoyuan Fire - newly launched in "Pearl Three Kingdoms", just come outside the capital to help Bole complete the mission! Do you want to quickly experience the exhilarating feeling of galloping horses in the game? Then hurry up and log in to "Pearl Three Kingdoms" (WAP official website: sg. ipgame. cn)! Jueying, Claw Yellow Flying Electric, Reindeer, and countless legendary mounts await your choice! May 'Pearl Three Kingdoms' become the apple of billions of players' eyes!
The event was hosted by the famous host Xie Na, and the popular singer Zhang Jie played the role of Li Xiaoyao accompanied by a white clothed fairy, performing a martial arts style. The on-site players had a lively atmosphere and actively participated in interactive programs. In particular, some players used body language to create designs related to mobile on-demand codes in the game area, which left a deep impression on the audience and players. This event is an active attempt by China Mobile to promote the launch of new games.       Mirror Flower Water Moon "brings together the protagonists of various generations spanning six hundred years in the world of immortal swords, unleashing a beautiful and moving plot. It can be regarded as the pinnacle of mobile games in 2010! The mobile games' Legend of Sword and Fairy ', including' Remembering Immortal 'and' Mirror Flower Water Moon ', which were launched at the launch ceremony, were created by Sina Feiyang, a senior original development team in the industry. With exquisite graphics and gorgeous battle scenes, they will bring players a cool gaming experience! Faced with the increasingly prosperous mobile gaming market, companies are using their ultimate tactics to cope with market changes.     The dazzling appearances of "Mirror Flower Water Moon" and "Remembering the Immortal" in "The Legend of Sword and Fairy" have left countless players waiting and watching.   Immortals have fate, heaven and earth will eventually meet, swords have emotions, timeless classics open up new chapters!
Abandoning PSP, last week we reported that Capcom would release the iPhone version of Street Fighter IV in March. Recently, IGN website brought more news and released a trial video.   Players can use iPhone, 3G/3G, iPod, and Touch to engage in close range battles without providing network battle functionality. The operation mode will also fully support the touch screen of mobile phones. The game provides a virtual joystick and 4 buttons, allowing players to fully experience the feeling of "rubbing moves". However, Capcom provides a one click move sending function in the game. Users can adjust the position and transparency of the virtual joystick and buttons according to their usage habits. In order to take care of the hardware performance of the mobile phone, the background of the iPhone version of Street Fighter IV game is static, but the character models and special effects are very beautiful. It is expected that the game will be launched on the Apple Online App Store in March, with a price of $9.99.
With the attention of countless friends, Pocket Elf celebrated its one-year anniversary with a grand gift! The colorful and splendid anniversary celebration of Pocket Elf has also settled! The enthusiasm of Pocket Elf players still revolves around the joyful world of the pet paradise! On April 18, 2010, the "Pocket Anniversary Celebration, Yuanbao Gift" event came to a successful end. The winning players were evaluated by multiple well-known mobile game forums, including Dangle, 17 Mobile Games, 155, Kaiqiwang, Lexun, 9game, and Fishing. The user ranked first in popularity on each forum can receive the game's valuable item "Holy Pet Summoning Roll"! Rankings from second to fifth place will receive a reward of 300 ingots in the game, while rankings from sixth to tenth place will receive a reward of 100 ingots in the game! At the same time, in order to better give back to the players and friends of Pocket Elf, casual interaction will continue to provide abundant reward opportunities for everyone. We hope that all friends who love Pocket Elf can join us. Perhaps in the next event, you will be the one leading the trend! We will soon announce the list of winners for Pocket's anniversary celebration. Please pay close attention to the relevant information on major mobile game forums! Pocket Elf adopts a permanently free operation mode (excluding data fees paid to mobile operators), and users only need to install the client to start the game immediately without registering or customizing any services in advance.   Information fee is 0 yuan (excluding communication fees). Please visit the official website www.kdjl.92le.com or the Wap official website http://kdjl.92le.com/ .
The popularity of the closed beta of the mobile online game "Shenyu OL" has finally brought the long-awaited mobile online game masterpiece "Shenyu" to life. On the afternoon of January 26th at 14:00, the two newly opened servers "Tongshi Divine Halberd" and "Tianting Blade" were flooded with players. Just one minute later, both servers were fully booked. The newbie town is extremely popular! The closed beta has been launched, and the server is instantly crowded with players, creating a sea of people. The momentum has impressed all players in the divine domain, and they are ready to face the challenges of the divine domain world. Players are busy coming in and out, teaming up to kill monsters, and busy with tasks. Occasionally, players gather friends or exchange gaming experiences on chat channels. After wandering around the city and completing a few small tasks, I found that there were more and more people. Alright, let's go for a walk and leave the newbie town. We'll continue to faint. This person is in line... Originally, I was preparing to kill monsters in the wilderness, but as soon as I discovered a monster, it was already chopped into meat by countless heroes around me. So many times, I had to shout loudly, "Everyone, please spare me a monster!" Unexpectedly, just after shouting, countless team invitations flew in, and I was so busy In less than 2 hours of testing, some players have already reached level 12. I have to sigh that a master is a master and will never be left behind by others. The beta testing of "Divine Realm" is currently in full swing, and the enthusiasm of players is also continuing to heat up. The beta testing server is still in a high online state. Thank you to the players for their support and love for "Divine Realm"! The game is currently in the closed beta stage. We hope that players can understand and continue to support it. During the testing process, please provide us with valuable opinions and suggestions. "Divine Domain" will continue to improve existing features and add new ones gradually.
Pocket Elf, Anniversary Edition Carnival Pocket Elf Anniversary Edition will be fully updated today, inviting all players and friends to enjoy the colorful carnival feast of the pet kingdom together! Please update the new version of the client in a timely manner to better enjoy the fun of the game! Starting today, the "Pocket Yuanbao Big Release" on the forum, in-game recharge gifts, special rewards for old players, and other activities will all be launched. Multiple media outlets will collaborate to trigger the Pocket Anniversary Yuanbao Big Release event immediately! Log in to various cooperation forums to participate in activities! Grab the 'S Holy Pet Summoning Scroll'! In addition, anyone who uses the Pocket Elf game client to recharge 50 yuan or more (including 50 yuan) with the Shenzhou Bank recharge card in one go between April 1st and April 31st can participate in the lottery activity! Draw one lucky player every day and receive a "S Holy Pet Summoning Scroll" as a gift! For more anniversary events, please follow the official event news! Annual grand celebration! Pocket friends must not miss it! Please visit the official Wap website
Bang Bang Tang helps you step onto the Avenue of Stars Hehe, I am your super, man, you are my super, star! After several months of deep recuperation, the star of Bang Bang Tang has set sail again. Holding the camera in your hand, adjusting the angle, taking a 45 degree selfie with a snap, you are the next superstar of Bang Bang Tang. Activity time: Starting from April 26, 2010, the activity cycle is from Monday to the following Sunday. Among them, the first week is the time for players to submit photos of the Bang Bang Tang Star activity; The second week is the free voting time for players. Participation method: Participate (Monday of the first week to Sunday of this week) - Search for the "Bang Bang Tang ★ Participation Post" in the community 10002 and reply to the post. Submit photos of Bang Bang Tang stars that meet the requirements. PS: Photo Tip - There must be a clear photo of oneself in the photo, and behaviors such as bare upper body, smoking, and vulgar actions are not allowed. Just hold a card with the words' Bang Bang Tang Star '(★) and your own game account written on it. The account on the card must be the same as the game account that uploaded the photo and cannot be on P. Activity Voting: From Monday to Thursday of the second week, we will open posts in the men's and women's sections, allowing players to vote for the Bang Bang Tang Star players who passed last week. The first reply received from different accounts will be counted as one vote. Is it tiring to vote multiple times for the same account?. It is strictly prohibited to engage in screen brushing behavior on this post. Violators will be treated as equivalent screen brushing behavior! The popularity ranking of Bangbangtang Star for this week will be released from Friday to Sunday! Selection method: Are the recommended positions on the Bang Bang Tang Star homepage of the community homepage voted by players? Officially not involved. The top 10 players with the highest number of votes per week? You can get recommended spots on the community homepage during the next activity week. Isn't the number of votes accumulated in each activity cycle tiring? And the same person can only participate once per activity cycle. You are electricity, you are light, you are my super, star! This moment is only for you to stay, you deserve it.
Qianchi Download teaches you how to use your phone to solve traffic jams. "Traffic jams" have become the most open competition between people and time nowadays. If we encounter rainy or snowy weather again, it will make traffic jams even more "seductive". Words can't provoke us, can we avoid them? If we can't avoid them, can we shift our attention. Where to transfer to?   How to get these funny and fun things? Today, I would like to recommend a highly practical mobile app for traffic jams: Thousand Foot Download. Recommendation reason: It is the first and most mainstream professional download tool in China, which can easily download various resources without the need for it. Open the software and first there is a beautiful loading page, then enter the boutique bar. The interface adopts a multi panel design. Just like a large comprehensive supermarket, various items are classified and categorized on their respective shelves, making it convenient for users to choose. Based on my estimation, a red light takes about 1 minute, and it's hard to say when stuck in traffic. Sometimes, it's hard to pass through 5 or 6 lights. So at this moment, my mood is suppressed. With such a resource arrangement, I can easily find the resources I want without worrying about traffic or downloading.   Just click on the one you like to download. Not to mention speed, choose a mobile dream network access point. The download speed increased from 30+KB/S to 60+KB/S, and a 1270KB file was downloaded in less than 30 seconds. If your phone supports the magical WiFi function, 4 Mbps broadband, and a maximum speed of 600KB/S, it can be comparable to a PC. The effect is also quite good. Hurry up and download more while stuck in traffic. Once I squeeze into the subway, I can enjoy the wonderful videos beautifully. Here is a thoughtful tip that is widely known. My download environment is on a busy road with many cars and people, and coupled with my eagerness to go to work, I may sometimes be in a hurry and forget where to save it. It's okay, as long as you open Qianchi Download again, it will prompt for unopened files. Of course, all downloaded files can also be found under the downloaded module. Traffic jam is already an uncontrollable thing. Since traffic jam can make time seem so long, then with a thousand foot download, everyone can "laugh at the long dragon".
Dear daughter country players, the May Day holiday is coming soon. During this happy holiday, we have specially prepared a variety of online activities, more rewards, and higher feelings for you to experience! Let's take a look together at some exciting activities during the May Day Golden Week. Activity 1: Barrier Protection Mobilization (May 1-5) As the successor of the Hundred Flowers Fairy, during the five hundred years of Manjushahua's reign as king, she single handedly created a powerful barrier to protect her daughter country. However, recently there has been a surge of demonic energy, and the barrier has been on the verge of collapse. The magical power of Crystal Stone may be able to strengthen the barrier. Of course, the queen will bestow abundant rewards upon the bravest subjects. Event rules: During the event, you can ask the Queen of Liangdu to receive a task to collect crystal stone fragments; After receiving the task, there is a chance to drop fragments of crystal stones on maps such as Phoenix Forest, Open pit Mining Area, Mining Tunnel, Ice Cave, and Jieyang Mountain. Collecting 5 fragments and finding the Queen for the task can exchange for one crystal stone; The task of collecting crystal stones can be done up to 5 times per person per day, and crystal stones can be exchanged for various rewards with the Queen in Liangdu; The exchange of crystal stones will end on May 7th, please redeem gifts as soon as possible. Activity 2: Wandering Merchant Sale (May 1-5) Wandering around the world, the wandering merchant passed through the daughter country and was infected by the festive atmosphere. He decided to make a brief stop in the Huangzhou City of the daughter country to see what good things he had to sell. Event rules: During the event, players can find wandering merchants in Huangzhou and purchase various divine currency props at low prices, even rare props that are not available domestically. Due to limited quantity, each person is limited to purchasing three servings. Of course, wandering merchants are not allowed to resell such cheap items as they are all bound. Please take what you need and don't miss this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. Activity 3: Pursuing Shadowless Wind (May 3rd to May 8th, 19:00 to 22:00 every night) Due to the recent weakening of the border guarding the Daughter Country, many thieves and villains who are peeping into the wealth of the Daughter Country have begun to approach the Daughter Country. Among them, there is a thief named Shadowless Wind who is the most rampant. With his top-quality orange outfit, he steals treasures from the Daughter Country on a large scale. According to Captain Duan's report, this thief is accustomed to appearing every night, but the exact location cannot be determined. The king of the daughter country has issued a wanted notice for all the people of the country to hunt down Shadowless Wind! Activity rules: In order to evade pursuit, Shadowless Wind disguised his name as a clone of the recipient of the Shining Star Popularity King in the Daughter Country. The dream area is the "Dragon Sea Dream Soul Clone", and the big talk area is the "★ Bullet ★ Clone"; During the activity time every night, Shadowless Wind will appear on several low-level maps in the mainland of Daughter's Country. If sensed by the fairy barrier, the fairy will issue a notice to inform everyone, but the specific location still needs to be carefully searched; This thief is very cunning. In a team state, this thief refuses to fight against players, but when encountering a single player, they may enter the battle; This thief is guilty of being a thief and may flee during battles, resulting in the loss of valuable VIP items; If he is pushed too hard, he will engage in a life and death struggle with the pursuer. This person's strength is unfathomable and cannot be defeated without certain strength. However, if he can be lucky enough to defeat this thief, he may be able to obtain the top-notch equipment on his body; After winning the battle, this thief will linger in place, but its next appearance after defeat or escape is unpredictable. Activity 4: Competition Tasks for Shi Nong Gong Shang (April 30th May 7th) Qin Shangshu decided to commend those workers who have made great contributions to his daughter country on the Workers' Day. So who will be the most respected worker in the country? As a hero of your daughter country, please hand over the flowers in your hand to your most respected laborers. These laborers will also give you generous rewards for receiving your flowers! Activity rules: During the activity, flower demons will be randomly drawn on 5 maps including Phoenix Forest, Ice Cave, Open pit Mining Area, Mining Tunnel, and Jieyang Mountain. There are a total of 7 flower demons, which will move randomly within the map; Players can trigger battles by conversing with the flower demon without forming a team. After winning the battle, they can receive bouquets and the flower demon will also refresh in other positions; Players can choose to present bouquets to one of the four NPCs: White Master Book, Old Man, Black Charcoal, and Gold Inlaid Jade. For more information, please consult the Qin Shangshu of Liangdu. Once a supporter is selected, it cannot be changed, and all bouquets received afterwards can only be presented to that NPC; After the event, count the number of bouquets received by the 4 NPCs, and the NPC with the most flowers donated is the winner. Players who support this NPC can receive a variety of additional gifts, and the more flowers donated, the richer the rewards will be. Players can obtain the final competition results from the queen. Activity 5: Labor Day for Palace Maidens (April 30th May 4th) The King of the Daughter Kingdom took advantage of the upcoming Labor Day to collect items from palace maids. The daughter country's shining star popularity king MM applied for palace maid, but got lost while collecting items. Please find a palace maid to help her complete the collection task. Good people always have good rewards! Activity rules: During the event, it can be learned from the Qin Shangshu that the shining star palace maid MM will randomly appear on the outdoor map. The dream area is "Palace Maiden No.???" and the talk area is "Palace Maiden Fragrant ◇"; Palace maid Su E will randomly move once every 10 minutes within five maps: "Phoenix Forest", "Ice Cave", "Open pit Mining Area", "Mining Area Tunnel", and "Jieyang Mountain". After conversing with the palace maid Su E, she will be randomly assigned tasks; After conversing with the palace maid Su E, you can receive a task to collect items on the current map and receive rewards upon completion. Games cannot last a lifetime, but true love can last forever; Origin and fate fade away, yet fate continues; love arises and continues! A brand new gaming experience can be found in the new game "Daughter Country OL". For more details, please follow the official website of "Daughter Country OL":, http://girl.9520520.com/ Daughter Country OL wap:, http://wap.9520.com/
After more than two years of preparation, Chengdu Doraemon Games' independently developed mobile game "Haotian Qiyuan" and the ancient PC online game "Yanhuang Online", which cost millions of yuan to represent, will be closed for testing on March 31st.     Among them, Doraemon is one of the three local online gaming companies listed as key training by the municipal government; At present, the game development team has reached more than 200 people, and its research and development strength ranks among the top in the western region.   The upcoming closed beta of 'Yanhuang Online' revolves around well-known legendary stories such as the rebellion of the gods, the battle between Huangdi Xuanyuan and the heavenly god Chiyou, creating an ancient and majestic world of immortal heroes. Another self-developed product, "Mythical World," which took nearly three years, is expected to be released to players in the first half of 2011. In the selection of payment partners, Doraemon also has a clear idea - to provide players with diverse and convenient recharge channels. The game payment solutions provided by Yibao Pay include online bank card payments that support nearly 30 domestic banks, as well as popular non bank card payments that are popular among players. Many prepaid cards, including Shenzhou Bank Card Recharge Card, Junwang One Card, Qcoin Card, Zhengtu Game Point Card, Shanda Game Point Card, etc., can be used as a medium for players to recharge their games. It is reported that currently, Yibao Pay holds 85% of the market share in the PC online gaming field and 90% of the market share in the mobile online gaming field. It has deep cooperation with 3G portal, SkyNet, Tianxia Net and other platforms. Doraemon President Pi Dafu stated that PC online games and mobile online games are two areas where the company focuses on equal development. While continuously improving its products and expanding its market, it will also establish a broader payment cooperation with Yibao Pay.
Game expert of "Daughter Country OL", interview time: April 11, 2010 Interview topic: From a group of friends to a person silently struggling, and then to meeting a group of iron friends who no longer want to leave Daughter Country OL and walk into him,?? Introduction to Magic Game Life Players:?? Mo, after reincarnation, is constantly striving to level up. His attitude towards the game is to love what you do, and if you like it, you must play it to the fullest. Player quote: My principle is to play enough, Iron Brothers must be present, and I will not give up if I choose. Interview transcript: Daughter Guoxiaoqing: Thank you for accepting the interview. Did it take up your time?? Mo: Hehe, I don't know. Daughter Guo Xiaoqing: After reincarnation, what is the most common thing I do now??? Mo: I have changed, and I will continue to upgrade and practice skills in the future. Daughter Guo Xiaoqing: With friends? Or are they all leading their own teams and calling for people to come and brush?? Mo: Are you still working so hard now that you've been reincarnated with your friends, wife, and daughter?? Mo: Hehe, do you love every profession? Daughter Guo Xiaoqing: What drives you to work so hard to upgrade?? Mo: Me too, but I enjoy playing games. I'm bored in the army, and only by playing games can I feel better. This game is good in all aspects of character skills and is also my ideal game, which is why I'm working so hard. But now I'm only at level 87. Hi daughter Guo Xiaoqing: It's different when you're reincarnated, keep up the good work. I also love playing games, right?? Mo: You still have to start from the beginning. Daughter Guo Xiaoqing: Yes, but there have been new breakthroughs in level skills, and the color of your name will also change. Did you choose the same race before and after reincarnation?? Mo, yes, I like the witch Er Guo Xiaoqing. No, Mo, oh? Is this one a relatively rare choice?? Mo: It's because we only have four daughters in our big talk zone. Guo Xiaoqing: Yes~Because many people are attracted by the chaos of immortals and humans, why did you choose Mo?? Mo: I think Mo is good because he has a lot of use in leveling dungeons. Immortals are not very good at it. I play games for fun and rarely fight. Daughter Guoxiaoqing: Wow, casual players. Do each race have different advantages?? Mo: Hehe, I think so too, so I have always chosen the witch Er Guo Xiaoqing: En En, contentment brings happiness. I believe you have done a great job, right?? Mo: That's necessary. Harmony is precious. Daughter Guo Xiaoqing: Mo has a blood sucking skill, which will definitely have a great effect on bosses when opening up large dungeons in the future?? Mo: Yes, the key is that this skill has a lot of misses. Have you considered changing the hit rate of this skill? Daughter Guo Xiaoqing: Alright, then let me submit this question as a suggestion for you?? Mo: Thank you, daughter. Guo Xiaoqing: You're welcome. Guo Xiaoqing: Yes, when did you start playing with Guo Xiaoqing?? Mo: I started playing last December, right? Daughter Guo Xiaoqing: Wow, that's our old player. How did you get to know our game back then? Did you come with friends?? Mo: It was seen from Dangle, and friends have also come. Now it's just me, daughter Guo Xiaoqing: What a pity??   Mo: Everyone likes different things, I guess it's because of my brother's stay. Daughter Guo Xiaoqing: Most girls like pets haha?? Mo: Hehe, daughter. Guo Xiaoqing: After playing games for so long, do you have a group of strong brothers around you now?? Mo: My principle is to have enough fun. Iron Brothers must have a daughter. Guo Xiaoqing: Can you explain what it means to have enough fun?? Mo: I have chosen my daughter who I will not give up on. Guo Xiaoqing: Well done, do you have ideals?? Mo: That's right, my daughter. Guo Xiaoqing: What is the thing I most want to achieve first?? Mo: Thinking about the level of daughter Guo Xiaoqing: Come on, you can definitely do it. You can tell that you are very serious and hardworking in your work?? Mo: Thank you for your support. My daughter Guo Xiaoqing: 8. You're welcome. Daughter Guo Xiaoqing: You said having a group of iron brothers is necessary. So how did you meet those brothers around you?? Mo: Did we chat about upgrading together when we got to know our daughter Guo Xiaoqing through playing games?? Mo: Yes, that's right. I have a friend named Ba Dou in the game. He's very kind to me. Daughter Guo Xiaoqing: Yes, I know him, right?? Mo: We are very determined. Let's talk about games. Daughter Guo Xiaoqing: Okay, do you have any tips for upgrading so quickly after your reincarnation?? Mo: Yes, it's about spending money to become a god and buy group four. Spending money is my pleasure, and I personally think it would be boring to play games without spending money. Daughter Guo Xiaoqing: I also know how to spend money when playing games~~Can't I resist spending?? Mo, what are you afraid of? You're spending money on earning your daughter. Guo Xiaoqing: Haha, I'm too lazy to earn it?? Mo: Damn it, I also want to be the daughter of player GM. Guo Xiaoqing: You can log in to our official website or forum to see the detailed application rules for player GM. Go and take a look when you have time.?? Mo: Alright, daughter. Guo Xiaoqing: Our interview is almost over. Do you have anything you want to say to your friends? Summarize in one sentence?? Mo: It's the Ba Dou brothers, Xiao Dao, and my wife Mo Xian'er in the game that I hope for. Thank you for accompanying me and wish them happiness and joy. Daughter Guo Xiaoqing: Okay, I wish you all a happy game, okay?? Mo: Okay, bye bye. Games cannot last a lifetime, but true love can last forever; Origin and fate fade away, yet fate continues; love arises and continues! A brand new gaming experience can be found in the new game "Daughter Country OL". For more details, please follow the official website of "Daughter Country OL":, http://girl.9520520.com/ Daughter Country OL wap:, http://wap.9520.com/
The mobile online game "Tianyu" is about the Year of the Tiger and the Battle of the Tiger. The hero is the Year of the Tiger, and the hibernating tigers in the Tianyu OL world have awakened. They bring New Year's money and various gifts to greet their friends and wish them a happy New Year! But as the king of beasts and carnivorous animals, their presence is still a bit scary. It's very dangerous for you to touch the tiger PP and have intimate contact with it with bare hands, but arm yourself beforehand and you won't be afraid! After maintenance on February 9th until 9:30am on February 23rd, tigers with different personalities and powers will appear in the "Strange Forest" scene. You can arm yourself with different props so that when the tiger comes out, you can pounce on it and challenge it! Activity rules: 1. Carry the "Cute Tiger Claw Glove" item and teleport it to the "Strange Forest" scene by the activity agent. When using it at certain coordinate points, you will encounter the first boss "Shy Tiger" and kill it. You can receive 100% of the item to exchange for a super pet experience pill with 100 rings and a "Cute Tiger Head Hat" item; 2. Using the "Cute Tiger Head Hat" prop in the same scene at certain coordinate points will encounter a second boss named "Shy Tiger". Killing it will earn you a 100% chance to redeem the "Super Pet Experience Pill" prop with 100 rings and the "Cute Tiger Skin Clothes" prop; 3. Using the "Cute Tiger Skin Clothes" item in the same scene at certain coordinate points, you will encounter a third boss named "Blushing Tiger". Killing it will earn you a 100% chance to exchange the item for the Super Pet Experience Pill with 500 rings, and there is also a chance to directly obtain the Super Pet Experience Pill! 4. Note that players of different levels encounter different levels of tiger bosses, and the "Cute Tiger Claw Gloves" item store sells them at extremely low prices. 5. If you find the coordinates, don't forget to share your findings on the forum! The person who writes the most complete and accurate coordinates will also receive a massive amount of gold bar rewards! Is it exciting and challenging enough? Do you want to conquer fierce tigers and win the New Year's gift? Then take action to make your Year of the Tiger come alive! For more Spring Festival series activities, please continue to follow Tianyu OL event news.
If you want to ask which martial arts themed mobile online game is currently the most popular and beloved among players, the answer is definitely the classic martial arts themed mobile online game "Wulin OL"! Wulin OL takes traditional Chinese martial arts culture as its core, vividly showcasing the martial arts era of swords, shadows, and bloodshed, bringing a pure martial arts experience to all players who love martial arts! So, as April Fool's Day approaches, what kind of surprises has "Wulin OL" prepared for everyone? In order to provide a different gaming experience for the heroes in the martial arts world, on March 30th, "Wulin OL" launched a wonderful April Fool's Day event! During the April Fool's Day event, a mysterious green monster that disrupts the martial arts world's April Fool's Day appears with numerous luxurious rewards. Legend has it that players can break its "April Fool's Maze" to obtain top-quality purple sets and countless "treasures of the April Fool King"! The entrance to this event is located in the teahouse. If you want to challenge the April Fool King and receive generous rewards, then quickly gather friends to participate in the April Fool's Day event! The exciting April Fool's Day event of "Wulin OL" (WAP official website: wl. pipgame. cn) awaits your participation! May Wulin OL become the apple of billions of players' eyes!   wl@pipgame.cn
Hello everyone, the update announcement for the mobile game "Spirit Beast World" on March 16th! The Spirit Beast World OL will undergo routine maintenance from 8am to 12pm on March 16th. After the update, the Divine Beast, Divine Beast Synthesis Map, and Divine Beast Challenge activities will all be launched, and a double experience week activity will be launched. The specific update announcement is as follows: [Activity] 1. Recharge and receive Happy Beans. Using Happy Beans can exchange for Full Blessing Gift Pack and Demon Pet Experience Pack. 2. The recall campaign for old players continues, and players who registered before February 4th can receive generous rewards at the city market. 3. Welcome to the Double Experience Week for the Chinese New Year. [New content] 1. The four major divine beasts and their synthetic maps are open. Four star spirit beasts can be used to synthesize divine beasts, and the synthetic map can be purchased in the mall. 2. The Divine Beast Challenge activity has begun. Every day, you can receive the challenge of Divine Beasts at the NPC array guardian in the palace. Completing the task will earn you huge experience and rewards for Divine Beasts. It is recommended to form a team and participate only once a day. [Modification] 1. Add and modify the composite image of demons and undead. 2. Adjust skill consumption MP. 3. Adjust the reward content of the pirate testing ground.
The reward for "Correcting and Finding BUGs" in Civilization II has been released, and the "Fire Eye Golden Eye - Correcting and Finding BUGs Action" in Civilization II has been launched! ”The event has come to a successful conclusion! Sincere thanks to all players for their active participation and support of Civilization II! The prize for the event has been sent out. Please check the system's reward email for the winning players. Congratulations! The list of winning players whose rewards have been sent out is as follows: Da Zhi, Han Yan Leng Zhi, Duo Duo&Killer, Dong Lei Zhen Zhen, Long Tou Da, Xia Xia Yu Yu , ?o?de?? Xiao じ★ ve Qi, Mo Xie, what,?? 灬? , what,?? ★? Sky ★, Zhijing, dusk, rain? SJ、 Silence and taboo?? ai、 , heartless and bad, rainy, Niu Niu's Niu Niu, what,?? §?? Amidst the raging flames of war , jumpin、 Yellow Crane, Xuan Yuan Lin, Do not lose or forget, Xiao Si, Wind Fury, Keeping poultry and animals in the crotch, Keeping birds in the crotch, I am a civilized person, Year? Shao, blood shadow, what,? The Lord of God? Lei, Mao, what,?? holy ♂? Night Yunjin, Burning Years, Abstract Brother, Blood Butcher, Laughing, Hehe, Pain hurts, Love is colder than death, So love will eventually become sorrow, Revenge, Thorn Marrow, Out of print? Ding Ding, summer rain and snow, military soul~King, first morning, black? Big shots, clumsy and intelligent, wise and literary, ♀ Sun ※ Qian ♂、, Rookie bran, soul bullfrog, night mang, Yao Yang, fierce man 9526, eyes..., strait wind, trumpet , huan1026、 , constellations , O Angel's Wings O, Eternity, Mixed World Little Bear, Beauty Yaya, Give Me a Smile, Losing My Heart, Who competes with madness,?? Wow, Nana is exploring the world , Soul Dance, Want to Have a% Home , Method I?? o,? Legend of the Jianghu, the fate chain of the divine beast, what,? Clan Xiao Qi, Rogue Jian, Passerby, B,? Xiao, De De Di, Meizhou, Guangdong, Mo [?] Only? In addition, some award-winning players are temporarily unable to receive rewards due to their inability to recognize nicknames. Please contact the customer service of Civilization II in a timely manner to resubmit accurate game nicknames and game accounts so that the official rewards can be sent out. The specific list is as follows: ___ Jiuge, 'Xiao'?? Sunny , Cc_ Entertainment , fozu、 ,? Shang ℃ , Was' rogue ' , yanghsn、 Bu Li Qi, Bu Li Fei, what,??? Soul,, East District Nightclub,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, Don't lose heart. The online essay solicitation activity of Civilization II is in progress, and the gift giving activity for the Spring Festival will start soon! Welcome everyone to actively participate, rich rewards will definitely belong to you. Join now! Details of the event can be found on the official website of Civilization II. Haina player wisdom, condensed boutique mobile game [Development company]: Guangzhou Yingzheng [Customer service phone]: 4008803999
On April 8th at 12 o'clock, the most popular mobile online game with a Three Kingdoms theme in 2010, "Pearl Three Kingdoms," was ignited and exploded in the new district. On April 8th at 12 o'clock noon, a new 10 district game, "Green Plum Boiling Wine (North China)," will be launched, once again restoring the war situation and leading players into the era of disputes in the late Eastern Han Dynasty, starting a new journey of the Three Kingdoms! Since its launch, "Pearl Three Kingdoms" has deeply attracted every gamer and Three Kingdoms fan with its realistic historical background, beautiful game graphics, dazzling combat skills, exciting classic battle dungeons, luxurious and domineering mounts, and large-scale national battles, among many exciting systems and content! In the game, players can personally experience the heroism and passion of transforming into heroes of the Three Kingdoms, wearing battle armor, holding long spears, riding horses, galloping on the battlefield, and becoming a generation of heroes commanding thousands of troops and horses, ultimately achieving the great achievement of unifying the Three Kingdoms! The Pearl Three Kingdoms New Area - Zone 10 will provide players with a brand new starting point and a new fair competitive environment! Do you want to travel through thousands of years and forge the mythology of the Three Kingdoms? Let's make an appointment together on April 8th at noon in the new district of "Pearl of the Three Kingdoms" (WAP official website: sg. ipgame. cn)! The stage for realizing the Three Kingdoms dream is about to be presented to you, and a new chapter of the Three Kingdoms is waiting for you to write! May 'Pearl Three Kingdoms' become the apple of billions of players' eyes!
Exclusive leak on the beta date of the mobile online game "The Elder II". After "The King", there have been rumors circulating recently about whether Meifeng Digital's another masterpiece "The Elder II" will be shut down. Thanks to my persistent and thorough investigation, I have finally obtained the latest, most accurate, and exclusive first-hand information! I hereby announce with a responsible attitude that the upcoming beta testing of "The Elder II" is a foregone conclusion. The specific date, hehe, will be around April! Is it so fast that you can't believe it? Did happiness come too quickly? What excites me even more is that recently major websites and media outlets have been establishing dedicated sections and forums for "The Elder II". I believe it won't be long before more information and images appear before our eyes, and we will truly be able to feast our eyes on them! The fresh and cute Q-version graphics, dazzling skill casting effects, vivid monster shapes, and atmospheric and realistic scenes can all be seen in these screenshots. Without further ado, as shown in the above picture~~Game Introduction: "The Elder II" is a large-scale mobile MMORPG online game with a Western style fantasy background, featuring Q-version character and monster settings and a landscape map design. The game features exquisite graphics, fresh style, and an exciting dress up system with super cool combat effects, making the gameplay more exciting and fun. In the game, players will be able to freely choose different factions and class types, support the PK system, and fight for their own beliefs.
The Best Mobile Online Game "Song Dynasty Hero 2" is meticulously researched and the Five Elements Annual Best Mobile Online Game "Song Dynasty Hero 2" is constantly exciting. Login to the game and receive a reward of 588 ingots worth of props!   The leader of the Five Elements Road at Liangshan Square can receive tasks with Five Elements attributes, which offer generous rewards but are also relatively difficult. It is recommended to form a team to complete them. After defeating the Five Elements Protector and completing the task, obtain the Five Elements Pill, which can significantly increase one's own damage, so be sure to find a way to complete it.
IPhone game developers are twice as many as DS and PSP game developers. Developer, Research conducted a study on portable game development and found that the number of iPhone, iPod, and touch game developers far exceeds that of DS and PSP game developers. 19% of all game developers are engaged in iPhone, iPod, and touch game development, which is twice the number of developers engaged in developing DS and PSP games. In addition, the market for portable games accounts for about 25% of the total gaming market so far, which is 12% higher than before the emergence of iPhone, iPod, and touch; In the past three quarters, all portable game developers have been developing games for iPhone, iPod, and touch. Of course, this survey is aimed at foreign markets.
In the follow-up of the Master Apprentice System in "Gods", the recommender will launch the Master Apprentice System, which has always been one of the major features of "God Slayer Online". By coaching new players, not only can they meet new friends, but they can also earn peach and plum value and exchange it for peach and plum salary rewards at the NPC "salary" in the novice village, with a maximum of 20 gold per week! The upcoming recommender system will allow you to tutor a disciple until level 60 and continuously receive salary rewards! Up to hundreds of gold! Becoming a recommender and earning a huge salary. During the process of tutoring new apprentices, you can invite your apprentices to fill in your role as a recommender. After your apprentice reaches level 30, you will be able to continue the mentor apprentice relationship and receive the recommender's salary. When your apprentice reaches level 60, the referrer's salary reward can accumulate up to hundreds of gold! After your apprentice registers your game account as a referrer at NPC "Xiaoya" in various cities, starting from level 30, you will be able to receive referrer salary rewards. Similar to the master apprentice system, each level upgrade of this apprentice after level 30 will bring you a salary reward until the character reaches full level. After becoming a referrer, there is no limit to the number of players you can recommend. When these recommended characters reach level 30 or above, you will receive up to 10 referrer salary rewards, accumulating up to tens of thousands of gold! At the same time, these recommended individuals will also bring you corresponding salary rewards when they make purchases in the game. Regarding 'Zhu Shen Online', it is an MMORPG real-time combat mobile game developed and operated by T4game. Set against the backdrop of 'Fengshen Yanyi', a brand new fantasy world of immortals and demons has been created. Exquisite graphics, cool skills, convenient chatting, and explosive PK will bring you a brand new experience! Operation team T4game of 'Zhu Shen Online': it's, time, for, game!
Holding the Hand of the Son and Growing Old with the Son: From Jingling to Daughter Country OL, it has been over a year and I have never left. I can finally come up with the same name. But due to my carelessness, I still have some shortcomings. Because of the game, we have a common language. We have been arguing for 1 year, dividing and reconciling. Noisy and noisy. I really want to apologize to you. I still remember when I first entered the game, leveling up was so tiring, especially as a human, I couldn't find a team to level up with. At that moment, I met you. At that time, everyone was rushing to reach level 100, but you were not afraid of me, the one who held back, and took me to level up. For me, you put down Crystal Spirit and went to Daughter Country OL. Although you rarely come. But I'm used to having you by my side now. I actually don't like to embellish anything. My love for you is like my article. Only the content has no false embellishments. Emotions are like games, they need to be tested and adjusted. 2. Mutual tolerance is necessary to be happy. 20 days have passed quickly. Take some photos to tell you - in my heart, there is only you. Perhaps meeting is just a coincidence, but getting to know each other and becoming familiar with each other is an inevitable process. Sometimes I really miss you. I really want to. Although you are not here. Leave some memories. Games cannot last a lifetime, but true love can last forever; Origin and fate fade away, yet fate continues; love arises and continues! A brand new gaming experience can be found in the new game "Daughter Country OL". For more details, please follow the official website of "Daughter Country OL": http://girl.9520520.com/ Daughter Country OL wap:, http://wap.9520.com/
After a month of long tug of war, the ultimate PK competition of Tianxing Star 5-in-3 in Tianxing Paradise has finally arrived. Five beautiful girls passed five levels, defeated six generals, and stood together on the ultimate PK stage of the Star of Heavenly Journey. They are beautiful, they are clever, they are brave, and they are also confident! Let's bless them together and hope they achieve their ideal results in the ultimate PK. Hurry up and log in to Tianxing.com to vote in the voting section and cast your precious vote for the Star of Heavenly Journey in your heart! Your support will be a great encouragement to them. In your spare time, you can also check out the posts of other contestants in the Star of the Sky section. Although they did not make it to the finals due to various reasons, they are still confident, brave, and full of personality. You can also join your favorite family and make many passionate and sunny friends! You can also express your love for your favorite "Heavenly Star" through the diary section! When wind and rain come, do not avoid them. Humbly lower your head, like seagulls coming and going to heaven and earth, just to find a miracle. Every girl is an angel, spreading her wings while bringing beauty and kindness to the world. What are you hesitating about? Hurry up and log in to Tianxing.com to vote for these beautiful girls, the surprise is in heaven.
The brand new system, gameplay, features, dungeons, battlefields, and content allow players to experience the infinite charm of mobile online games at a deeper level. To give back to the love of both new and old players, "Tianwen OL" will also open a brand new server on February 3, 2010, inviting players from all walks of life to gather again and celebrate the prosperous era of "riding pets"! Tianwen - Riding Pet World "has opened up a wide range of content this time, including a massive mount system, fun gang attack and defense system, lively group competition system, and upcoming city attack and defense system. In addition, it has opened eight new dungeons, equipment refining (refining materials only drop from dungeons), optimized combat interface, as well as a new beginner assistance system, free double rewards, beginner gift packs... allowing you to experience the new gameplay of the expansion pack faster and more conveniently. Numerous new contents to help you easily play Tianwen, beginners can hit the road without spending money!
Dear player friends, in order to provide a better gaming environment and quality for players, all servers of "Pearl Three Kingdoms" underwent weekly routine maintenance work on the morning of April 13, 2010. If you encounter display abnormalities or login issues after maintenance, please select the "Version Repair" function on the login interface to fix them and start playing normally. The content of this update is as follows: ☆ Zhang Jiao will once again send troops from the southwest of the South China Sea to conquer the Central Plains. According to secret reports from various countries, Zhang Jiao will appear four times a day to reorganize his troops, kill him, and seize material rewards. It is urgent; ☆ Increase national technology - the imperial favor requires the research and development of the country's citizens. After winning each national war, pearls can be obtained, and the higher the level, the more pearls can be obtained; Currently, the level is not sufficient and the corresponding materials cannot be collected; ☆ Add secondary confirmation for password modification; ☆ Yuanbao cards will receive exclusive icons; The weather in the Western Regions and mountainous areas is sunny, and the strong winds will turn into gentle breezes. The operation team of "Pearl Three Kingdoms", the pearl in the palm of the hand, thanks all players for their support and cooperation.
The mobile online game "Shenzhao OL" held a group fish feast on April Fool's Day, where people of all ages and genders could joke and deceive each other. Produce shocking news without any moral or legal responsibility; The brick was placed under the tattered hat, in the middle of the road, and then waited to see who would kick it; Place the water basin on the classroom door and let the people who come in rain heavily. That's right, this is April Fool's Day. April Fool's Day, a happy festival, a prank festival. For the sake of happiness and pranks, let's have a happy April Fool's Day! The official specially held a relaxed "fish feast" event for players on April Fool's Day. Activity description: As long as everyone is fishing in the collection area and collecting various fish materials, they can synthesize various fish feasts through the synthesis formula sold in the grocery store. Eating fish feast can enhance various basic attributes of oneself. If various fish feasts are made, they can also be combined into infinite bags and imperial gold boxes. After opening the Infinite Bag and Imperial Gift Golden Box, you can randomly obtain various valuable items, and if you are lucky, you can get powerful equipment. In addition, in order to thank the vast number of players for their deep love for the Divine Omen and to allow everyone to have an unrestrained April Fool's Day, the official has specially launched the "April Fool's Day Soul Stone Box". The "King's Soul Stone" and "Emperor's Soul Stone" will be placed in the April Fool's Day Soul Stone Box, with a high probability of being released. Make it easier for everyone to compete for top-notch equipment and make everyone a powerful party! Event time: From 10am on April 1st to 10am on April 5th; Action is better than excitement, let's enjoy a feast of fish together! Note: The Fish Feast event and the April Fool's Day Soul Stone Box event will take place at the same time. The official will adjust the BOSS between 60-90 before April 1st, and the BOSS strength will significantly decrease.
Frog Park adds color to our lives, dear friends. The thoughtful game platform and social function launched by Frog Park have always been loved by many players. Have you also tried it? Not yet? Let me take you on a tour today! , (⊙v⊙), Sunshine, beach, waves, what are we waiting for? Have you come to the poetic and picturesque paradise today? A new experience of leisure and entertainment, frolicking in the frog paradise; Purple moon, flowing clouds, long air, blue sky, green trees, small frogs; First, let's showcase the summer breeze, where stylish men and women exude beauty and coolness; Wonderful nine grid simple press, the icon is cute and joyful; I love the cool and diverse appearance of handsome men and women; The wonderful frog show changes every day, with colorful colors for you to choose from; Romantic chat rooms, private group chats, and guild chats; A hundred people in the world chat about the universe, and everyone thinks and thinks together; Guess the exciting sports fans, winning a thousand miles depends on wisdom; The gameplay is innovative, fighting against landlords and thousands of people fighting against thieves crazily; Poetic and sincere, with sharp eyes and agile hands; Brainstorm on current events, and get a clear understanding of hot topic comments; Surprising and exciting activities, with frequent free gifts; Choose Frog for Wireless Entertainment, Colorful Life!   Not only can you chat and make friends in groups, but you can also participate in exciting activities, with endless free gifts and surprises. More leisure and entertainment games are waiting for you, all in the popular "Frog Park". O (∩ _ ∩) O~~~"Frog Park" is the most popular leisure mobile online game in China, covering the most popular games and gameplay such as Landlord, Mahjong, etc. Basic functions are permanently free! Upgrade gift giving.
Many domestic industry celebrities, industry veterans, and mobile game companies gathered at the event. More than 50 online and print media outlets, including Sina, Tencent, Zhongguancun Online, Shangshang Net, Dangle Net, Tudou, and Ku6, conducted interviews and reports on the press conference. This event was hosted by the famous star level host Xie Na, who made a relaxed and cheerful appearance and immediately stirred up the atmosphere of the entire venue.   As Ms. Duanmu placed her hand on the crystal ball symbolizing the start of the launch ceremony, the promotion ceremony for the Xianjian mobile game officially began. Following that, the popular singer Zhang Jie played Li Xiaoyao, accompanied by the white clothed fairy, making an eye-catching scene on the stage. His martial arts style performance was more in line with the style of the press conference, attracting applause from the guests present. The mobile games "Legend of Sword and Fairy - Remembering Immortal" and "Legend of Sword and Fairy - Mirror Flower Water Moon", which were launched at the launch ceremony of this promotion, were created by senior game developer Sina Feiyang after 10 months of dedicated effort. These two mobile games are action and character games, respectively, with stunning graphics and gorgeous combat effects, which will bring players a different gaming experience! The entire press conference of "The Legend of Sword and Fairy - Remembering the Immortal" and "The Legend of Sword and Fairy - Mirror Flower Water Moon" was extremely colorful and dazzling. The on-site players had a lively atmosphere and actively participated in interactive programs. What was particularly exciting was one of the small game segments, where the winning players who participated in the online voting and the players on the field used body language to create relevant designs of mobile on-demand codes in the game area, which made the guests and players on site laugh and leave a deep impression; Zhang Jie sang 'Crossing the Human Sea', which attracted cheers from players and fans; There is also a magnificent COSPLAY show, where multiple female protagonists of immortal swords pose in classic styles, with infinite beauty that is admirable. In addition, the exciting video display of the mobile version of "The Legend of Sword and Fairy" on the big screen, with its stunning and gorgeous graphics and captivating content, has received a lot of attention. Let the industry, media, and players all pay attention to the most anticipated nostalgic classic of 2010. The dazzling appearances of "Mirror Flower Water Moon" and "Remembering the Immortal" in "The Legend of Sword and Fairy" have left countless players waiting and watching.     We are committed to developing first-class mobile games, leveraging the advantages of Sina portal website, and becoming an important force in promoting the development of the mobile gaming industry.
Functional features: It has a series of essential features of PC online games, such as challenges, watching battles, observing cards, saving the game, loading old games, matches, making friends, adding friends, blacklisting, creating key groups, joining gangs, forums, as well as raising pets, playing farms, chatting, setting chat idioms, etc. The graphics are exquisite and beautiful. Players have their own little nest where they can post their emotions, share photos, and write logs. Share happy moments with friends in Xiao Ao. The Landlord Day Tournament and Zhajinhua Day Tournament launched by Xiao Ao are highly sought after by friends. The Go Championship in April is currently in full swing, and there are constant fires and battles in the city! The most popular vegetable stealing game nowadays, the "Farm Gate" activity of Xiao Ao Pet Farm, is in full swing. It is not difficult to see that Xiao Ao Game City is indeed well crafted, and has received high praise from players in terms of graphics, functions, and operations. It is truly a rare masterpiece in mobile online games. To learn more about Xiao Ao Games, please edit the free SMS "Xiao Ao Game City" and send it to 12114. You can also visit the official website: www.xiaoao.com, or the mobile website: wap.xiaoao.com. Please feel free to call the customer service hotline at 400-666-822301-51291610 if you have any questions. About Xiaoao Game City: Xiaoao Game City is the largest mobile game platform for chess and card games and leisure games in China, with dozens of mobile internet connected chess and card games and leisure games. Games such as Landlord, ZhaJinhua, Suoha, Mahjong, etc. are deeply loved by players.  
The mobile online game "Tianyu" is about to welcome the arrival of the New Year's beast, with fiery red lanterns hanging high and festive firecrackers ringing. Lucky couplets are posted one after another, and the festive atmosphere is getting stronger. The world of Tianyu OL is also not lively, and the first shot of Tianyu OL's New Year is about to be launched. At that time, tens of thousands of newcomers will gather together, challenge levels, and strive for the Tiger Year, Tiger Generals, and Tiger Rising Stars. At the same time, there are also eight series of activities for the Year of the Tiger Spring Festival that both new and old players are participating in, with consecutive performances waiting for you to challenge! The ferocious Nian beast disguised as the king of beasts, the tiger, disrupted the peaceful New Year's Eve. It is said that this despicable guy stole many rare items from the mall. Brave friends, come and fight Nian beast to get free items! After maintenance on February 9th, until 9:30 am on February 23rd, the maps of Dark Evil Hall South, Wild Boar Forest, Desert City East, Shengyan Suburb, Luoshui River, Bugao Cave, Ranwu Forest, and Phoenix Ridge will refresh the New Year Beast BOSS with different powers every 30 minutes. Players of different levels can challenge the corresponding level of maps, kill the New Year Beast, and receive a 100% "100 sound" firecracker and randomly dropped super cool mall props. As for the role of firecrackers... Hehe, please pay attention to the New Year series event "Tiger's Power: Masterpieces of Nature"! The footsteps of the Spring Festival are approaching, and the strong New Year flavor is coming. The world of Tianyu OL is lively. The editor will promptly reveal the rich and colorful Spring Festival special activities for dear friends one by one. Don't miss it!
The public beta of "Shenqi Online" has revealed eight surprises. In 2010, Beijing Deep Blue Creative Entertainment made a huge contribution to the annual event. The first Q-version magical epic mobile online game "Shenqi Online" will officially start public beta at 14:00 on April 20th. As the first high-quality real-time combat mobile game in the history of mobile online games to launch a transformation profession system and a unique talent system and skill system for free combination, "Shenqi Online" has been loved and supported by many players since its beta testing. At the same time, the world of "Shenqi Online" focuses on creating a comprehensive life skill system such as equipment forging and gem synthesis, allowing players to create unique equipment, which has been highly praised by many players. After the public beta of 'Shenqi Online', it will give all mobile game players a big surprise. To express our gratitude to the vast number of gamers for their support and love of "Shenqi Online", the official has prepared eight mysterious surprises for everyone at the public beta celebration, including: distribution of beta gift packages, gift packages for the public beta ceremony, salary for public beta online hours, guild points competition, consumption points for big prizes, craftsman masters for mobile phones, real card recharge for points, and three wins for fairy dragons before consumption. Numerous exciting activities will make a stunning appearance. The official blood pumping tribute is cheering for "Shenqi Online", and the grand celebration of the public beta is about to begin. Please pay attention to the official news of "Kyushu Online" for specific details of many exciting activities. The handheld entertainment revolution that subverts the world. The Western magical epic masterpiece 'Divine Covenant Online' will make a brilliant debut, and new explorations and challenges are about to begin. The absolute craziness of 2010, overturning the clich é d online game, "Divine Contract Online", opens up a wonderful journey full of adventure fun and many mysterious challenges for you, you must not miss it. Official website of 'Shenqi Online': obmgame.cn/sq
The mobile online game "Guandu OL" unleashes passion and youth in the city. After a long period of preparation, the long-awaited online game masterpiece "Guandu Battle" will be launched on February 1st! Let's witness together the arrival of the most powerful online game in history! Who will compose the epic of Guandu? For whom will the flag symbolizing victory flutter? I believe every hero who gallops on the battlefield wants to experience this supreme honor! All of this is done in the Guandu characteristic system - siege and plunder! Believe that only the power of a team can have the destiny to conquer and change the world! Because of siege and land grabbing, our youth can be so unrestrained and our dreams can be so unrestrained! The massive battle of ten thousand people is the grand stage for you to unleash your passion and ambition. The rich siege mechanism will help you crush your strong enemies, and in the end, resist stubbornly. The ultimate victory will surely belong to you! Enjoy the purest charm of the Three Kingdoms, experience the most authentic historical battlefield, participate in the most passionate grand national war, and enjoy the thrill of real-time combat. In the upcoming beta test of 'Battle of Guandu', you will be pleasantly surprised and have endless fun! Guandu posts to grab accounts and sends Q coins in a frenzy, and the smoke of gunpowder rises again. 'Battle of Guandu' ignites a storm of account grabbing! This is the hottest area in the cold winter and twelfth month, and the hottest focus nowadays. If you want to experience the excitement of the number grabbing storm, join the "Battle of Guandu" crazy number grabbing activity! Now log in to the "Battle of Guandu" forum, and without posting 20 posts, you can get valuable beta accounts and limited Q coins for "Battle of Guandu". With 100 posts, you can get 10 limited Q coins for "Battle of Guandu"! Limited Q coins can be exchanged for precious items during the beta testing period. Let you quickly experience high-level happiness! Join this battle without gunpowder and experience the explosive power of the struggle! In the limited edition broadcast of Lianghao, now as long as you participate in the official account grabbing activity, you have the opportunity to obtain precious internal test accounts! Although our account release activity is being carried out to the maximum extent possible, there are still countless players who are worried and eagerly waiting for opportunities due to not being able to get their account. Now the editor tells everyone, don't worry, go and participate in the activity! Nothing in the world is difficult for those who are determined. As long as you love Guandu, love Guandu, go to the forum and send your blessings. Opportunities are always in your own hands! I will definitely get my own beautiful account in the end!
Ultra wide angle and large aperture, Panasonic flagship camera LX3 costs only 2800 yuan (Zhongguancun Online Digital Camera Market Report). The Panasonic digital camera LX3GK uses a 1/1.63-inch CCD sensor, combined with a 24mm ultra wide angle zoom lens with a maximum aperture of F2.0. It uses Venus, Engine, and IV image processors, with a maximum pixel count of 11.3 million, and can capture images with a resolution of 3648 × 2736. Some merchants have quoted 2800 yuan for this model. Editor's viewpoint: The Panasonic LX3GK performs well in terms of performance, with a large-sized 1/1.63-inch CCD sensor, a 24mm ultra wide angle zoom lens, optical image stabilization and tracking focus functions, and a 3.0-inch 460000 pixel LCD screen. The display effect is excellent, making it a true king of portable device performance.
Equipped with an anti shake lens, the Nikon D5000 DSLR camera offers a gift of 4850 yuan (Zhongguancun Online Digital Camera Market Report). The new Nikon DX format DSLR camera D5000 has a 12.3-megapixel imaging capability, a more convenient 2.7-inch flip LCD screen, D-Movie function, and a wider variety of scene modes. Today, the author learned in the market that the price of the Nikon D5000 kit (including 18-55mm anti shake lens) is 4850 yuan, which comes with a camera case, film, 4GB memory card, tripod, and original spare battery. Editor's viewpoint: As a new generation entry-level DSLR, the Nikon D5000 has strong performance configuration and excellent imaging quality, making it suitable for entry-level photography enthusiasts to choose from. The high-definition camera and flip screen design also make the D5000 more versatile and convenient to operate. At present, the price has decreased and the cost-effectiveness has begun to improve.
Quasi professional high-definition digital camera, Sony A1C drops to a new low (Zhongguancun Online Digital Imaging Market Report) Sony HVR-A1C is a high-definition digital camera positioned in the quasi professional field. This digital camera is an upgraded version of the previous HC1E. In addition to differences in appearance and functionality, the biggest difference from the HC1E is that the A1C uses a more professional DVCAM card to store images. Compared to regular DV tapes, DVCAM has higher bandwidth and can perform more professional image production. Today, the author learned in the market that the price of Sony A1C has been adjusted by over a hundred yuan, and the latest price is now 12970 yuan. In terms of lens, the Sony HVR-A1C adopts a high-precision Carl Zeiss Vario Sonnar lens with a diameter of 37mm and T * coating, which can achieve 10x optical zoom and 120x digital zoom. This lens adopts multi-layer surface T * coating to reduce the problem of blurry images. When shooting dynamic videos, the focal length is 41-480mm in 16:9 mode and 50-590mm in 4:3 mode; when shooting static videos, the focal length is 40-400mm in 16:9 mode and 37-370mm in 4:3 mode.
The Olympus E45 camera is on sale for 3600 at the festive feast of the times. The Olympus E450 is an entry-level DSLR camera with 10 megapixel imaging capability. Unlike other similar products, the Olympus E450 has a compact and portable body. Today, the author learned in the market that the market price for this machine is 3600 yuan. Friends who like it may want to learn more about it. The Olympus E-450 not only inherits a series of advantages from its predecessor E-420, achieving a perfect unity of professional functionality and compact body, but also adds the highly acclaimed art filter function, creating a huge creative space for photographers. The Olympus E-450 digital camera, equipped with the latest 10 megapixel Live, MOS sensor, next-generation TruePic, III+image processing engine, achieves superior image quality performance than ever before, and provides support for the newly configured art filter function; On the back side of the body is a 2.7-inch HyperCrystal II LCD screen. Although it only has 230000 pixels, the viewing angle has increased to 176 degrees, making it convenient for multi angle shooting. The sensitivity range is ISO100-ISO1600, with a maximum shutter speed of 1/4000s. In terms of body size, the E-450 measures 129.5 * 53 * 91mm, making it a compact and portable DSLR camera. The body weight is 380g. The E450 has added the art filter function that has been well received on the E30 and E620, but unfortunately there are only three options available: rich tone mode, soft focus effect, and pinhole camera effect. In addition, the E450 also increases the continuous shooting speed of RAW files to 3.5 frames per second, with an upper limit of 8 frames. The camera also has ultrasonic dust removal function, but it still does not have anti shake function loaded on the body. The Olympus E-450 digital camera still uses the CF/xD dual memory card solution on the storage medium, and the battery is still BLS-1 lithium-ion battery. In terms of appearance, the compact design of the Olympus E-450 digital camera shows the meticulous attention to detail in its design. It is commendable that its performance has not been reduced as a result, but has become even stronger. The newly added artistic filter function has many uses. Friends in need can contact the following merchants. Olympus E450 digital camera [reference price] 3600 yuan, [recommended merchant] Tianjin Dingxin Digital [contact information] 022-586971985897298 [store address] Room 1801, Bainaohui, 338 Anshan West Road, Nankai District Editor: Anran
High definition anti shake card camera, Sony T900 promotion offers a variety of accessories (Zhongguancun Online Digital Camera Market Report). While inheriting the traditional appearance advantages of the T series, Sony T900 is also a technology-based card camera that integrates high pixel sensors, HDTV camera functions, and high-resolution touch screens. Recently, the Sony T900 has experienced a significant decline, and businesses have seized the opportunity to start promoting this popular card machine. Today, the author learned in the market that the package of Sony T900 with original 2GB memory stick, spare lithium battery, camera case, screen protector, and mini tripod comes with a ticket price of 2200 yuan. Editor's viewpoint: Compared with the previous generation product, the T900 has increased its effective pixels to 12 million and has high-definition camera function. In other aspects, T900 also has outstanding performance. The combination of optical image stabilization and high sensitivity ensures clear imaging under low light conditions. The high-quality 3.5-inch touch screen provides a good user experience and more convenient operation during use.
12x light conversion 28mm! Canon SX200 single machine is only 2100 yuan [Shandong IT Online Report] On November 30, 2009, the price of Canon SX200 and IS single machine in the merchant "Jinan Peak Digital" was reduced to 2100 yuan. The Canon SX200, IS is a portable telephoto camera with a 12x optical zoom anti shake lens and high-definition video shooting function. It has 12 million pixels and a 28mm wide angle. Interested friends can contact the merchant. The Canon SX200, IS adopts an effective pixel 12.1 million image sensor and is equipped with the latest DIGIC4 image processor. It is equipped with a 12x optical zoom lens with a 28mm wide-angle focal range and an IS optical image stabilizer, providing excellent imaging quality. The Canon SX200 and IS feature a 3.0-inch 230000 pixel LCD screen. Although the clarity does not reach the 460000 pixel level of many high-end cameras, the screen still performs well in terms of brightness and viewing angle. The Canon SX200, IS also features the popular 720P high-definition camera function and adopts a 3.0-inch 230000 pixel LCD screen. Canon SX200, IS supports optical stabilization function and adopts an electronic shutter with a shutter speed of 1/5-1/3200 seconds. In addition to using a fully manual operation mode, it also supports facial priority focusing and is equipped with a built-in flash. Adopting SD/SDHC/MMC/MMCplus/HC, MMCplus memory card, and providing HDMI output, A/V output interface, USB2.0 interface. Comes with a CD power cord, 32M memory card, battery charger CB-2LXE, lithium-ion rechargeable battery NB-5L, audio and video cable, USB cable, and wristband. Comes with driver program and image editing software.
24 times optical zoom lens, Samsung WB5000 is only available for 2260. In terms of performance, WB5000 is equipped with a 1/2.33-inch 12.5 megapixel CCD, coupled with a 24 times optical zoom 26mm wide-angle lens with dual anti shake function, providing a large focal length range, suitable for shooting various subjects. In addition, the Samsung WB5000 inherits the advantages of Samsung DC's intelligent operation, adding facial recognition function that can recognize 9 faces at once, a simpler operation interface, and intelligent electronic photo album and other functions. And for the first time, it also added the function of restoring deleted photos and a unique shooting mode with preset angles/distances. Samsung's perfect portrait features, including facial recognition, facial detection, smile shooting, blink detection, and beauty shooting technology, are all applied to the WB5000. Incorporating the most advanced technology, Samsung's facial recognition function can automatically store up to 20 faces. When shooting portraits, WB5000 automatically recognizes 20 pre stored faces, prioritizes focusing on these faces, and takes photos. Meanwhile, based on the stored facial information, users can quickly search for photos containing specified faces to save search time. Editor's comment: Currently, this machine is priced at only 2260 yuan at our recommended dealer. Interested friends can inquire about it. , [Product Model], Samsung WB5000, [Product Quotation], 2260 yuan, [Contact Number], 010-51656053
The entry-level digital camera, Fuji J35, is only sold for 950 yuan. It is equipped with a 1/2.3-inch 12.2 million effective pixel CCD sensor, uses a 3x optical zoom Schneider lens, supports dual anti shake function, with an equivalent focal length of 32-96mm and a macro of 10cm. It can not only take photos with a maximum resolution of 4000 * 3000 pixels, but also supports recording audio videos with 640 * 480 pixels. The back of the Fuji J35 is equipped with a 2.7-inch 230000 pixel TFT display screen, with a field of view of approximately 96%. J35 comes standard with NP-45A rechargeable lithium battery, which not only has a built-in 10MB storage space, but also supports SD/SDHC storage card expansion. The Fuji J35 has intelligent scene recognition function, and users do not need to pre-set scene modes. The camera can intelligently select the most suitable scene mode based on the current shooting situation. J35 also has a panoramic mode that can automatically seamlessly combine up to three consecutive shots into one photo, creating a visually impactful panoramic effect. Editor's review: Although the Fuji J35 is positioned as an entry-level digital camera, it is still made of metal material and equipped with a mainstream 12.2 megapixel CCD, which has simple and easy-to-use intelligent scene recognition and panoramic mode, making it very suitable for home users to purchase. At present, the latest listed price is only 950 yuan. Friends who like it may want to visit the merchants below. , [Reference price]: Fuji J35950 yuan, [Customer service phone]: 8613633613206094985
299 yuan low-priced high-definition player, HOTT, HD360 launched, Author: Zhongguancun Online, Mao Xiaoman, ,,,,,,,,, HD360 is a high-definition product designed by HOTT for entry-level users. Currently, this product has been officially launched. This machine has two dazzling colors, ivory white and pink, with a decoding capability of 768P and high-definition output through color difference. The current price of this product is 299 yuan for a 4GB capacity. HOTT, HD360 capacity: 4GB, price: 299 yuan Editor's review: HOTT, HD360 body size 118 × 76.5 × 10.8mm, equipped with a 4.3-inch screen, with 768P decoding ability, supports mainstream high-definition video formats such as AVI, RM/RMVB, MKV, VOB, etc. In terms of music, HOTT and HD360 support both lossy and lossless formats such as MP3, WMA, WAV, APE, as well as recording, image, and e-book browsing? Function: The built-in lithium battery of this device has a capacity of 1100mA and can support 4-hour video playback and 10 hours of music playback (with the screen turned off).
All metal body, Samsung YP-P3 is only sold for 1280 yuan. Author: Mao Xiaoman. Samsung YP-P3 supports Bluetooth transmission and connection, DNSe3.0 sound effects, touch feedback and other personalized functions. Currently, the market price of this machine is 8GB/1280 yuan. Purchasing this machine now can receive the original AD200 charger for free. Consultation hotline: 010-825364101370159740. Capacity: 8GB, Price: 1280 yuan Editor's review: The Samsung YP-P3 features a 3.0-inch 16:9, WQVGA screen, available in silver and black colors for everyone to choose from. The metal body is sturdy and wear-resistant, and the tempered glass panel effectively prevents scratches. P3 provides 30 hours of audio playback, or 5 hours of video playback and 5 hours of recording. The Samsung YP-P4 supports SWF, H.264, WMV, MPEG4, and RM (below 320 × 240). In addition, the device has multiple audio files including MP3, WMA, OGG, WAV, AAC, and FLAC, and is equipped with the latest DNSe3.0 digital sound effects. It also has a built-in high-power high-quality external speaker. The improvement of Samsung YP-P3 lies in the addition of Haptic vibration feedback function, which enhances the accuracy of operation. In addition, the operating interface of P3 also meets the desire of consumers to pursue individuality nowadays. Users can DIY their own operating interface through Widget desktop gadgets. At the same time, P3 also supports transparent multi-level desktop display, fast touch response, no delay, supports four operations of click, pop open, slide, drag and drop, and multi menu page display. Maximum duration, 30 hours, (MP3128kbps, volume, 15, normal sound mode), , LCD, Display screen off as reference) Maximum duration, 5 hours, (brightness, 5, volume, 15, normal sound mode), Samsung YP-P3, [reference quote], 8GB/1280 yuan, [contact information], 010-82536410
The personalized design of E2 is comparable to that of Apple, and it suffered a price drop due to the unstable launch of E2. E2, like Apple's small clip, is a pure tone player with a screenless design. The regular rectangular body top adopts an embedded circular ring design, which is the finishing touch. The simple "square" combination forms E2's alternative personalized design, and the simple and fashionable design style is very suitable for young people to use. At present, the 2G version of this pure tone player is priced at 340 yuan, with a slight decrease compared to before. Interested friends may want to pay attention. From the design of the exterior, it is very simple and artistic. The circular ring design on the top of the body is very unique, which not only has the function of hanging, but also has touch operation design. [Reference price]: iAUDIO, E2 (2G), 340 yuan [Seller]: Yixun Mall, 4008201878
The Canon EOS, 50D is a mid-range DSLR camera with a 15 megapixel imaging capability and a DIGIC and 4 image processor. Its excellent image quality and good body performance have made it a popular DSLR camera in the current market, with a free card for 10300 yuan (Zhongguancun Online Digital Camera Market Report). Today, the author learned in the market that the Canon 50D kit, which includes an EF-S and 18-200mm anti shake lens, has a latest price of 10300 yuan and comes with a 4GB storage card. Interested friends can follow it. Editor's viewpoint: The Canon 50D, paired with the original large zoom anti shake lens, has good versatility and can adapt to various subject matter photo shoots. Users who want to go global with a mirror can consider this product combination. At present, the ticket price is only 10400 yuan, which is still very affordable.
Equipped with 12.3 million effective pixels, the Sony Alpha 500 is only sold for 4200 yuan. Author: Chen Liang. The biggest advantage of the A500 in terms of image quality is reflected in the new 12.3 million effective pixel Exmor, CMOS image sensor, and new BIONZ image processor, which bring delicate images at high ISO. In addition, the automatic HDR (high dynamic range) function equipped can bring a maximum dynamic range expansion of 3EV, which can simultaneously record the real details of highlights and shadows under high light ratio conditions, bringing rich layering and delicate color expression. A whole new level, experiencing an unprecedented picture quality experience. The DRO function of A500 is closer to the visual perception of the human eye, suitable for shooting portraits, children, animals, and can also be used in continuous shooting. The upgraded DRO function further improves the detail recording ability of distant scenery and balanced exposure control of the subject and background on the basis of previous models. The powerful data processing capability enables the A500 to achieve a continuous shooting speed of 5 frames per second in optical viewfinder (OVF) mode and 4 frames per second in live view mode. The A500's body stabilization function is equipped with a shutter speed setting that can be lowered by up to 4 levels for any lens used,. , The live view function of A500 can quickly perform phase detection autofocus during the live view process, enabling faster focusing. The A500 is equipped with a rotatable LCD screen that can flip up and down 90 degrees respectively. In addition, the A500's live view shooting function is also equipped with face detection and smiley face shutter options to help users achieve faster and more accurate facial focus, especially when capturing portraits in motion, and save moving moments. The A500 is equipped with a 3-inch foldable LCD screen (approximately 230000 pixels), providing a brighter, more comfortable, and exquisite shooting experience and playback effects. The battery life of A500 has also been comprehensively improved. With the anti shake function enabled, it has achieved a battery life of up to 1000 shots in optical viewfinder mode, which meets the battery life performance of most mid-range phones and makes travel photography easier. Editor's viewpoint: Compared to other brands of DSLR cameras, the biggest advantage of Sony A500 is its body anti shake function, which automatically upgrades every lens installed on A500 to an anti shake lens, reducing consumers' investment in DSLR accessories. In other performance configurations, the Sony A500 has also reached the mainstream level of entry-level DSLRs. [Reference price], 4200 yuan, [Contact phone number], 010-82484958, 82484968.
Professional grade digital camera, compared to Olympus E-P1 and Panasonic GF1, the 4/3 system has chosen a purer electronic system than APS digital SLR cameras from the beginning, at the cost of reducing sensor frame size, in exchange for many advantages in portability, body image stabilization, and sensor dust removal function. And as a cross brand open platform, the 4/3 system provides users with greater freedom in lens selection. The MICRO, 4/3 system model, which eliminates the reflective mirror and further reduces the lens mount, has gained greater advantages in product portability than previous APS DSLR cameras, but has imaging performance that consumer digital cameras cannot match. Therefore, the MICRO, 4/3 system model has become the most popular portable professional camera model in recent times. Although Panasonic has launched multiple MICRO and 4/3 system models, it was not until the LUMIX and GF1 models that the excellent portability of the body was truly achieved. However, there are not many modifications to its appearance, which looks very similar to Panasonic's previous LUMIX card machine style. On the basis of its years of camera production tradition, Olympus has given the first MICRO, 4/3 system model E-P1 a compact and exquisite retro body shape, which looks more elegant. Due to the lack of a mirror viewfinder system and even the abandonment of electronic viewfinders, the bodies of the Olympus E-P1, Panasonic LUMIX, and GF1 are designed in the style of tablet models, with small controllers. Both cameras weigh around 300g and have a thickness of only 40mm. Of course, due to the use of a large amount of metal materials to create the body, the sense of weight when held in the hand is quite pleasing.
The dual screen anti shake card camera, Samsung ST500, is only sold for 1699 yuan [Guangdong market]. Samsung's new autumn card cameras ST500 and ST550 can be said to have pioneered the dual screen camera, achieving a balance between performance and fashion. Today, the author learned from a merchant in the Pacific store in Guangzhou that the latest price for the ST500, one of Samsung's dual screen cameras, has dropped to 1669 yuan. Currently, the Christmas promotion also includes a Mini, a 4G card, and a battery, which are very cost-effective. Moreover, the promotion period is only from December 1st to December 31st. Friends who like it should seize the opportunity. The Samsung ST500 body design features exquisite black piano lacquer with a bright red half border, creating a striking contrast and outstanding layering, making it very elegant. At the same time, the four sides and back are designed with frosted finish, which can increase the feel during use. The 99.8 × 59.8 × 19.1mm body size has excellent portability. Unlike before, this camera does not have any labels indicating parameters on the front, because there is a 1.5-inch LCD screen below the "SAMSUNG" logo, which is suitable for taking selfies.
High definition flash memory camera, Canon HFS100 priced at 7490 yuan Author: Lu Xiaofeng Shanghai market, Canon flash memory camera LEGRIA, HF, S100 has full HD imaging capability with 1920 × 1080i resolution. As a flagship product newly launched in 2009, the total pixel count reaches 8.59 million. Adopting a newly developed 1/2.6-inch FULL, HD, CMOS image sensor, the imaging effect is even more outstanding. Today, the latest quotation given by the dealer "Shanghai Shiyuan Network" is 7490 yuan, with a set price of 7790 yuan. The set includes Canon HFS100, Kengo professional UV lens, tripod, professional photography bag, and 8GB, SD high-speed memory card. The Canon HF and S100 are equipped with a new DIGIC, DV, and III high-speed image processor, as well as a newly developed 1/2.6-inch FULL, HD, and CMOS image sensor with approximately 8.59 million total pixels. The powerful image sensor, combined with the new high-speed image processor, ensures true interpolation free 8-megapixel still images or 6-megapixel dynamic images. In addition, new features such as facial priority, new brightness optimization, video snapshot and recording integration are also supported by LEGRIA, HF, S10 and LEGRIA, HF, S100. Editor's viewpoint: Canon digital cameras HF and S100 have a total pixel count of 8.59 million and use 1/2.6-inch FULL, HD, CMOS image sensors, which belong to the high-end DV field. In addition, it uses flash memory as the storage medium, which can work in more harsh environments. The current merchant is promoting it with discounted prices. Friends who like it can follow. , [Reference price], 7490 yuan, set 7790 yuan (all with ticket), [Contact information], 4007168822021-53020397
The first choice for entry-level DSLR cameras is the Pentax K-x, which is a hot seller in Changsha (3C168, Zhongguancun Hunan). The poor light focusing ability of Pentax series machines has always troubled many P users. Pentax has also realized this problem and recently launched the Kx, which solves the noise control problem and high resolution problem under high sensitivity with a new sensor. It enters the entry-level market at a low price and hits the brand's psychological bottom line of high cost-effectiveness with its ultra-high entry-level machine performance, thus achieving market success. Let's take a look at this entry-level DSLR Pentax K-x.
The entry-level DSLR camera, Sony Alpha 230, is priced at 2799 yuan per camera. The Sony A230 has a very compact body, making it even bulky for female friends to use. This camera measures 128 × 97 × 71.4mm and weighs only 450g. It is worth mentioning that this new DSLR not only supports memory sticks and CF cards, but also SD memory cards, but does not support video recording function. The Sony A230 continues the design style of its predecessors, with a black body and the standard Sony logo on the ceiling. The back of the body uses a 2.7-inch 921000 pixel TFT LCD display, which has outstanding imaging effects. The whole machine adopts a 23.6 × 15.8mm CCD image sensor with an effective pixel of up to 10.2 million. Combined with a powerful Bionz image processor, the image is clear, natural, and vivid in color. The Sony A230 is equipped with Sony's highly acclaimed alpha system body stabilization technology, which effectively reduces image blur caused by body shaking. A230 adopts the post-processing algorithm of A900, fully optimized DRO and automatic white balance functions, achieving a larger dynamic range, restoring true color details, and ensuring the layering and low noise of the image. Editor's comment: Sony, as a DSLR brand with market attention second only to Canon and Nikon, has unquestionable quality; As an entry-level DSLR user, especially for friends who are new to digital SLRs, the A230's various designs can be described as "meticulous". At present, the Sony A230 standalone camera has dropped to a new low price of 2799 yuan. If you add 399 yuan, you can also get a 4G flash card, photography bag, LCD protector, air blower, special cleaning solution, Sony original 18-55mm lens, lens paper, lens cloth, cleaning cotton, and card reader promotional gift package. It is worth paying attention to for friends who are interested in purchasing entry-level DSLR cameras in the near future. [Reference price]: Sony A230 (standalone) 2799 yuan (price reduction, plus 399 yuan to get promotional gift package), [Consultation phone]: 020-8759298638900920
5x optical zoom lens, Samsung WB1000 is only available for 2088. This model adheres to the retro appearance unique to Samsung Blues cameras, and the dashboard on the top of the camera looks very special. Featuring an all metal body and a smooth black coating, it looks very atmospheric. The handle of the body is covered with a large area of anti slip material, which not only has anti slip effect but also increases the fashion sense of the body. The back of the camera has a 3.0-inch, 460000 pixel AMOLED display screen. Unlike common TFT, LCD, and OLED display screens that do not require a backlight source to emit light, AMOLED has significant advantages in terms of power consumption and display performance. Editor's review: The Samsung WB1000 supports a dual anti shake technology that combines optical anti shake (OIS) and electronic anti shake (DIS), and the camera's anti shake function can also work when shooting 1280 × 720 pixel high-definition video clips. At the same time, WB1000 also has various functions newly added to Samsung DC in 2009, such as "beauty shooting" and "SMART" intelligent scene recognition mode. , [Product Model], Samsung WB1000, [Product Quotation], 2088 yuan, [Merchant Name], Maite.com, [Contact Number], 4006-577-888
With a unique royal style, the Canon 7D DSLR is a hot selling flagship DSLR camera of Canon. As the flagship DSLR camera of Canon, the overall performance of Canon 7D is very outstanding. Apart from not using full frame photosensitive elements, it already has the strongest function in the current Canon DSLR camp, truly deserving of the title of flagship. The Canon 7D adopts an aluminum magnesium alloy shell material, with a body size of 148.2 × 110.7 × 73.5mm and a weight of 820g. It carries a lot of weight in the hand and has a strong sense of professionalism. The Canon 7D is equipped with a 3.0-inch 920000 pixel LCD screen and has a wider color gamut display. Suppressing reflections, preventing stains and scratches, making it easy to browse even in bright light, and also supporting live view. The Canon 7D uses an APC-S format CMOS sensor with an area of 22.3 * 14.9mm, an effective pixel of 18 million pixels, and can capture photos with a maximum resolution of 5184 * 3569. It is equipped with a brand new DIGIC, 4 digital image processors, which are approximately 1.3 times that of DIGIC and 3 processors. The conversion coefficient of the lens is 1.6, the ISO is 100-3200, and it can be expanded to ISO, 6400, and ISO, 12800. The exposure compensation range of 7D is ± 5 levels, with 1/3 level increase or decrease, ± 5 levels, and 1/2 level increase or decrease. The camera provides spot metering, central focus metering, local metering, evaluation metering, and iFCL intelligent comprehensive metering. In addition, the body also comes with an HDMI interface. It is worth mentioning that the Canon 7D can achieve a continuous shooting speed of up to about 8 frames per second while ensuring high image quality with 18 million effective pixels. And it is equipped with many new functions such as high-speed intelligent autofocus system. Editor's review: The Canon 7D performs exceptionally well overall, with an 18 megapixel CMOS sensor, high-speed continuous shooting speed of up to 8 frames per second, and support for full HD video shooting, making it a king of its kind among mid-range DSLRs. Don't miss out on your favorite friends. 【 Recommended Merchant 】 Gansu Xinwindowing Electronics (Click to enter) Contact: Guo Qingsheng, Phone: 0931-862901813321228604 Address: 249 Donggang West Road, Lanzhou City (1st Floor, Lanzhou University Science and Technology Park)
3x optical zoom lens, Samsung ST10 is only sold for 1099 yuan. Samsung ST10 adopts a 1/2.5-inch 9.1 megapixel CCD sensor, ultra wide angle 24mm Schneider lens, and supports 3x optical zoom. The maximum resolution for taking photos can reach 3456 × 2592 pixels, with a short film shooting capability of 800 × 600 and a macro capability of 80cm to infinity. Supporting optical and electronic image stabilization provides users with an extremely convenient shooting process. Editor's review: The Samsung ST10 is equipped with a 3.0-inch 460000 pixel InCell type hVGA touch LCD, featuring a hand touch design and a 3x optical zoom periscope lens.. Samsung's innovative intelligent scene recognition function, including facial recognition, smile recognition, and blink recognition, enables users who are not familiar with the camera to easily take perfect photos. The body memory is 30M and supports storage media such as SD, MMC, plus, SDHC, etc. , [Product Model], Samsung ST10, [Product Quotation], 1099 yuan, [Contact Number], 010-51656053
Fashionable home card DC, Samsung ST550 only available for 1899. The appearance of ST550 belongs to the cool and bright type, with black throughout and edge color accents, exuding a fashionable atmosphere wherever you go. Samsung's new ST550 has 3.5? The main display screen has 1.152 million pixels, which is about 4 times the resolution of traditional cameras, and is paired with Samsung's unique Haptic effect for excellent framing and playback effects!
The necklace style dynamic iron earphone, iriver, N20 is only sold for 699 yuan. Author: Cao Rui. iriver, N20 continues the necklace style design of this series, with a compact body and beautiful portability. The dynamic iron earphones equipped on this machine have attracted much attention from consumers. In order to allow more consumers to enjoy the charm of the dynamic iron earphones, the market price of the device has been slightly adjusted. The price of the 4GB capacity product has been reduced to 669 yuan. Consultation hotline: 010-82697620. Iriver, N20 Capacity: 4GB, Price: 669 yuan Editor's Review: Iriver, N20 is a pure tone MP3 player that can play MP3, WMA, APE, FLAC format audio, integrates FM radio function, and can record radio programs on schedule. The Iriver N20 adopts touch button operation, and the control button will flash white backlight when operated. The body weighs only 35g, and the battery life can reach 15 hours of audio playback. Although the device uses high-quality dynamic iron headphones, the design of the headphones and the body is integrated, which to some extent affects compatibility. At the same time, N20 has for the first time applied iriver's patented sound field system - IESE (iriver, Extreme, Sound, Engine), allowing users to use balanced dynamic iron headphones to deliver better stereoscopic surround sound effects while listening to lossless compressed audio files such as FLAC and APE. IESE includes four unique sound effects: Flow, Concert, Deep, and Broad. iriver,N20, [Reference quotation], 4GB/669 yuan, [Contact phone number], 010-82697620
12.1 million effective pixel DC, Casio Z2 is only sold for 898 yuan. In terms of appearance, Casio Z2 continues its beautiful metallic luster and soft curves. With a dual color combination, it is quite gorgeous. The body is lightweight and comes in various body colors such as black, pink, silver, and red. The dimensions of the machine are 96.8 × 56.5 × 17.8mm, with a weight of approximately 100 grams, making it easy to hold in your hand. And its thinnest part reaches 15.8mm. In terms of screen, it is still a 2.7-inch wide screen TFT color LCD with 110000 pixels, which is a slight regret that the screen has not been upgraded. In terms of configuration, the Casio Z2 has been upgraded compared to previous models, equipped with a 1/2.3-inch square CCD sensor weighing approximately 12.1 million. It is equipped with a 3x optical zoom lens, with a maximum aperture value of F3.1-5.6 and an equivalent focal length value of approximately 35-105mm. The sensitivity of the Casio Z2 is ISO64-1600. Editor's review: The Casio Z2 has 23 scene modes to choose from and can shoot short videos of 848 × 480. The body operation is also quite convenient. It is compatible with SDHC cards/SD cards and has contrast autofocus features such as autofocus, macro, pan focus, infinity, manual focus, etc. It can generally capture around 210 images. Due to the low positioning of the Casio Z2, its functions are relatively basic, and its appearance has great advantages compared to cameras of the same price range. Users who like it can consider this machine. Product information: Casio Z2, today's quotation: 898 yuan, contact phone: 010-62698564
Portable small telephoto lens, Kodak Z915 single player promotion for only 1180 yuan. Kodak Z915 is a portable telephoto camera with 10 megapixel imaging capability and 10x optical zoom anti shake lens. Although compact in size, the Kodak Z915 still features a fully manual exposure mode and high playability. Recently, "Huandao Digital" has quoted only 1180 yuan for this camera, which is very tempting. Interested friends may contact the merchant. Editor's comment: The 10 megapixel configuration of Kodak Z915 may not be attractive enough, but its anti shake lens and 10x light conversion capability cannot be underestimated. Moreover, it supports full manual operation, which is very cost-effective. If you mention our Sanqin IT website when making a purchase, you can enjoy price discounts. Friends who are planning to make a purchase may want to consider it! Kodak Z915 digital camera [reference price] 1180 yuan, [seller], Huandao Digital [store address], 1st floor lobby of Gaoxin Huandao Electronic Market, No. 8 Laodong South Road Fu, Xi'an [contact phone number], 15802986008
15X high-definition camera, Fujifilm S2000 card free 1699 yuan CCD displacement optical stabilization and ultra-high sensitivity combination bring multiple stabilization functions, which can efficiently prevent hand shaking and image blur caused by the movement of the photographed object, providing a solid guarantee for you to take sharp and clear photos. Even in telephoto and low light environments, you don't have to worry about image shake. Editor's viewpoint: With high pixel imaging performance, a wide-angle lens with a large zoom ratio, CCD displacement stabilization technology, and high-definition camera function, the S2000HD, which has so much performance, has a price reduction of less than 1700 yuan, making its cost-effectiveness much higher than similar models.
80GB hard drive full HD! On December 2, 2009, the Sony XR100E was sold for only 4880 yuan at the merchant "Jinan Tianhong Wanmei". The Sony XR100E is an 80GB hard drive high-definition camera from Sony, equipped with an "Exmor, R" CMOS image sensor and a "BIONZ" image processor, with excellent performance. The Sony XR100E is the first to be applied to the "Exmor, R" CMOS sensor of Sony digital cameras. It features advanced backlighting technology, significantly improving sensitivity under low light conditions. Combined with Sony's advanced built-in column A/D conversion technology and dual noise reduction technology, it greatly reduces noise and presents high-resolution, high-sensitivity, and high-definition images. Compared to the previous Sony hard drive DV, the Sony XR100E is equipped with an 80GB hard drive, which can meet users' long-term shooting needs. In addition, the Sony XR100E adopts a dual media storage design, allowing users to choose the media to record dynamic and static images according to their usage habits. Dynamic and static images can be hard copied to a memory stick without the need for a computer.
The stylish home card camera, Kodak M340, is only sold for 999 yuan per 2.7-inch camera. The 230000 pixel LCD screen on the body is not big or small, and the blue version of the body may be due to color reasons, making it look smaller and more moderate. In terms of configuration, the Kodak M340 adopts a 1/2.3 inch CCD image sensor with 10 million effective pixels, which can basically meet the needs of home shooting. A telescopic 3x optical zoom lens with an equivalent focal length of 35mm-105mm. For general daily use, there is no problem. For friends with average camera usage requirements, especially student friends, there is a camera that is very convenient for going out and playing during holidays. It can capture beautiful moments at any time and savor them slowly when you come back. When it comes to shortcomings, cameras under a thousand yuan may have slightly lower reaction speed and imaging quality, but apart from the significant difference in reaction speed compared to DSLR cameras, the difference in image quality is not very large for general card cameras. Of course, the imaging quality cannot be compared to cameras over 2000 yuan, but it is still not a problem for daily use. Editor's comment: As a camera priced within a thousand yuan, the Kodak M340 adopts a relatively thin design in its appearance, which is more suitable for friends with small hands to use. On the hardware side, a 2.7-inch screen is relatively moderate, and the mainstream 3x optical zoom and 1000 pixels are practical. Currently, 999 yuan is considered reasonable. , [Reference price], 999 yuan, [Contact information], 023-8613669513618312031
A 7x optical zoom lens, Ricoh R8 is only sold for 1420 yuan. Ricoh R8 changes the previous design of the R series and adopts a more retro style. The front of the body adopts a metal brushed panel, and the plastic part has been sandblasted. The three dimensions are only 102.2 * 26.1 * 58.3mm, and the weight is 191 grams, which is relatively lightweight compared to other similar products. The Ricoh R8 is equipped with a 1/2.3-inch 10 megapixel CCD sensor, a 7.1x optical zoom telescopic lens, a 7-level zoom interval, a 28mm wide-angle capability, a macro of up to 1cm, an aperture range of F3.3-F5.2, and can capture photos with a maximum resolution of 3648 * 2736 pixels. It also supports 640 * 480 pixel audio video recording. The Ricoh R8 adopts Ricoh's unique double retractable lens system, with a newly designed focusing module. The back of the body is equipped with a 2.7-inch 460000 pixel high-resolution HVGA LCD display screen, which has a very large viewing angle and almost as fine playback effect as a computer screen. At the same time, it performs very well in sunlight. Ricoh R8 inherits the unique slope correction function of its predecessor, which has the ability to correct photos and distortions. In terms of buttons, R8 adopts a brand new design, which is more concise and elegant than previous models, and has a better feel. R8 comes standard with DB-70 lithium battery, which can take around 350 photos. Editor's review: The Ricoh R8 not only has a retro appearance similar to the Leica, but also features a 7.1x optical zoom lens, powerful macro shooting, AF/AE target translation function, 28mm wide-angle capability, and excellent screen display effect. Currently, the price of the phone has dropped to 1420 yuan, which is already very low. Don't miss it if you like it. , [Reference price]: Ricoh R81420 yuan, [Consultation phone]: 0371-69130127
7x optical zoom lens, Olympus μ 7010 only has 1399 functions. In terms of functionality, Olympus μ 7010 has up to 12 million effective pixel output, equipped with a 7x optical zoom lens, with a focal length equivalent range of 28-196mm, and wide-angle shooting capability. The Olympus μ 7010 supports CCD optical image stabilization, with an ISO range of 64-1600 adjustable. It also supports intelligent scene modes, as well as shadow and facial recognition technologies. The only drawback is that the Olympus μ 7010 does not support high-definition video shooting and supports VGA format output. Visually, the Olympus μ 7010 is designed to be lightweight and lightweight, with a body weight of only 125 grams. It comes in three styles: dark gray, champagne, and pink. In terms of display screen, the Olympus μ 7010 adopts HyperCrystal, a second-generation 2.7-inch 230000 pixel TFT, which has the advantages of anti reflection of light and high viewing angle. In addition to XD cards, storage can also be done by installing micro and SD cards through randomly shipped adapters. Editor's viewpoint: The fashionable DC with 7X optical zoom, 28mm wide-angle, and lightweight design has a low price of 1399 yuan, which is extremely lethal. We still remind everyone that the Hong Kong version of Olympus μ 7010 does not accept nationwide warranty, but it does have warranty services provided by the store. Product information: Olympus μ 7010, today's quotation: 1399 yuan (Hong Kong version) Contact phone number: 020-34110719
Equipped with an 18-105mm lens, the Nikon D90 kit is priced at 7060. Editor's review: The D90 is equipped with Nikon's new DSLR short film function, which can capture short films in 320 × 216 pixels, 640 × 424 pixels, or HD720p (1280 × 720 pixels) JPEG format at a smooth speed of about 24 frames per second. The sensor of D90 is larger than that of ordinary portable cameras, and even ensures higher image quality, superior low noise, and high ISO sensitivity performance when shooting short videos. [Reference price]: Nikon D90 (with 18-105mm lens) 7060 yuan, [Contact phone]: 010-82675803
Nikon entry-level DSLR, D3000 stabilization kit comes with original package (Zhongguancun Online Digital Imaging Market Report) Nikon D3000 is equipped with a new guidance mode, allowing inexperienced photographers to quickly master the shooting functions of digital SLR cameras. Through a user-friendly interface, the guided mode helps users choose shooting modes for various scenes, thereby exploring advanced shooting techniques. In addition, D3000 is currently Nikon's lowest priced DSLR camera. Today, the author learned in the market that the D3000 set of cameras, including 18-55mm VR anti shake lenses, is priced at 3450 yuan when paired with Nikon's original kit. The D3000 uses a 10.2-megapixel, DX format CCD sensor with a unique EXPEED image processing system and compatibility with multiple Nikol lenses, allowing the D3000 to capture large-sized fine images that can be freely cropped without affecting clarity when enlarged. At the same time, the D3000 supports Nikon's unique scene recognition system, dynamic D-Lighting, continuous shooting at speeds up to 3 frames per second, advanced, 3D, color matrix metering, and Multi CAM, an 11 point autofocus system with 1000 autofocus modules. At the same time, the D3000 is equipped with a 3-inch, 230000 pixel TFT and LCD display screen. The sensitivity of D3000 is set to ISO100, up to ISO1600, and Hi1 setting can increase the sensitivity to ISO3200. Editor's viewpoint: The new guidance mode makes photography simpler, which is also in line with the entry-level positioning of Nikon D3000. The newly upgraded performance, especially the focusing system, makes the D3000 fully capable of meeting the needs of photography beginners. At present, the price has dropped to a new low. Friends who are interested in purchasing may want to go to the market and experience it firsthand.
The kit with a ticket is only sold for 4885 yuan, and the Zhongguancun Mall is promoting the 500D. Editor's opinion: Canon's latest entry-level DSLR 500D has extremely powerful performance configuration, and some functions have already approached mid-range products. Since its launch at the end of April, it has been highly favored by consumers and has become the most popular DSLR product in the market. It is also the new king among entry-level DSLR cameras at present. At present, the promotional prices on the mall are very low, and interested friends can make a purchase now.
The Panasonic LS85 camera uses an 8.1-megapixel 1/2.5-inch CCD and a 4x optical zoom Panasonic LUMIX lens, with a focal length of 33-132mm, a maximum aperture of F2.8, and a maximum ISO sensitivity of 6400. In addition, Panasonic's Mega and O.I.S optical stabilization systems form the LS85's dual stabilization system, supporting 30fps video recording in WVGA standard (848x480) format and VGA (640x480) format. The Panasonic LS85 has a built-in 50MB memory and is compatible with SD and MMC card expansion. It also includes support for high-capacity SDHC cards and is powered by 2 AA batteries. The body size is 95.7x62.0x31.2, and the weight is only 129g.
The most popular DSLR promotion at the end of the year, Canon 500D set price reduction editor's viewpoint: Canon's latest entry-level DSLR 500D has extremely powerful performance configuration, and some functions have already approached mid-range products. Since its launch at the end of April, it has been highly favored by consumers and has become the most popular DSLR product in the market. It is also the new king among entry-level DSLR cameras at present. At present, the price of the camera kit is relatively reasonable, making it the most expensive model for DSLR cameras.
Lightweight and compact entry-level hard drives DV, JVC, MG830 at a discounted price. Editor's opinion: JVC and MG830 have built-in 60GB storage space, which can meet the shooting and needs of most people. The compact body design makes it easy to carry during travel. At present, this model has excellent cost-effectiveness. Consumers who like it can consult the merchant in detail.
Ultimate minimalist music, recommended eight popular MP3 players in the market recently. With the popularity of large-sized screens, MP3 players have become less and less like MP3 players, and their sound quality has gradually been overlooked. Instead, more people are starting to pursue screen size, resolution, supported video formats, and more. So much so that the distinction between MP3 and MP4 is becoming increasingly blurred, which poses a difficult choice for audio enthusiasts. After all, not every consumer buys an MP3 to watch movies. Many consumers still like to choose their favorite MP3 to enjoy music. When beautiful and pleasant music comes out of an MP3, the feeling is very wonderful and intoxicating. The decline in market share of MP3, in addition to MP4 snatching it away, now mobile phones, digital cameras and other portable digital devices also have MP3 functions, which makes traditional MP3 gradually ignored by people. Nevertheless, an MP3 player still plays an irreplaceable role. Whether in terms of sound quality or standby time, a professional MP3 player often brings us not only listening to music, but also an attitude towards music. Today, the editor is going to recommend eight traditional MP3 players that have outstanding performance in appearance, standby mode, and sound quality. In addition to pursuing the same design as previous MP3 players, these eight MP3 players have their own unique features. You can truly feel the charm of music from it, not just treat it as a fast-moving consumer product, after all, music needs to be savored carefully. , IAUDIO, E2 finally sees COWON moving towards popular products! Within one week of listing, iAUDIO,E2(2G), The situation of being crazily robbed is shocking, and the unique flat and irregular appearance makes people imagine. What we feel from it is the designer's rich creativity. The size of E2 is only 26.6 × 64.2 × 7.7mm, weighing 16.6g. The top of the body is designed with a metal ring that can be tied with a rope to wear on the chest, waist, or backpack, making it cool and cute. In terms of functionality, it supports MP3, WMA, OGG, FLAC, WAV audio playback, and is built-in Normal、BBE、BBE,ViVA、BBE,ViVA,2、BBE,Mach3Bass、BBE,MP、BBE,Headphone、BBE,Headphone,2、BBE,Headphone, 3 levels and 9 EQ voice prompt settings, with a battery life of up to 11.5 hours. iAUDIO(iAUDIO),E2(2G), [Reference price], 340 yuan. With the popularity of large-sized screens, MP3 has become less and less like MP3, and the sound quality has gradually been ignored by everyone. Instead, more people are starting to pursue screen size, resolution, supported video formats, etc. So much so that the distinction between MP3 and MP4 is becoming increasingly blurred, which poses a difficult choice for audio enthusiasts. After all, not every consumer buys an MP3 to watch movies. Many consumers still like to choose their favorite MP3 to enjoy music. When beautiful and pleasant music comes out of an MP3, the feeling is very wonderful and intoxicating. The decline in market share of MP3, in addition to MP4 snatching it away, now mobile phones, digital cameras and other portable digital devices also have MP3 functions, which makes traditional MP3 gradually ignored by people. Nevertheless, an MP3 player still plays an irreplaceable role. Whether in terms of sound quality or standby time, a professional MP3 player often brings us not only listening to music, but also an attitude towards music. Today, the editor is going to recommend eight traditional MP3 players that have outstanding performance in appearance, standby mode, and sound quality. In addition to pursuing the same design as previous MP3 players, these eight MP3 players have their own unique features. You can truly feel the charm of music from it, not just treat it as a fast-moving consumer product, after all, music needs to be savored carefully. , IAUDIO, E2 finally sees COWON moving towards popular products! Within one week of listing, iAUDIO,E2(2G), The situation of being crazily robbed is shocking, and the unique flat and irregular appearance makes people imagine. What we feel from it is the designer's rich creativity. The size of E2 is only 26.6 × 64.2 × 7.7mm, weighing 16.6g. The top of the body is designed with a metal ring that can be tied with a rope to wear on the chest, waist, or backpack, making it cool and cute. In terms of functionality, it supports MP3, WMA, OGG, FLAC, WAV audio playback, and is built-in Normal、BBE、BBE,ViVA、BBE,ViVA,2、BBE,Mach3Bass、BBE,MP、BBE,Headphone、BBE,Headphone,2、BBE,Headphone, 3 levels and 9 EQ voice prompt settings, with a battery life of up to 11.5 hours. iAUDIO(iAUDIO),E2(2G), [Reference price], 340 yuan
Nikon's lowest priced DSLR camera, the D3000 anti shake kit, costs only 3680 yuan (Zhongguancun Online Digital Imaging Market Report). The Nikon D3000 comes with a brand new guidance mode, allowing inexperienced photographers to quickly master the shooting functions of a digital SLR camera. Through a user-friendly interface, the guided mode helps users choose shooting modes for various scenes, thereby exploring advanced shooting techniques. In addition, D3000 is currently Nikon's lowest priced DSLR camera. Today, the author learned in the market that the D3000 unit, which includes 18-55mm VR anti shake lenses, is currently priced at only 3680 yuan and has a very high cost performance ratio. The D3000 uses a 10.2-megapixel, DX format CCD sensor with a unique EXPEED image processing system and compatibility with multiple Nikol lenses, allowing the D3000 to capture large-sized fine images that can be freely cropped without affecting clarity when enlarged. At the same time, the D3000 supports Nikon's unique scene recognition system, dynamic D-Lighting, continuous shooting at speeds up to 3 frames per second, advanced, 3D, color matrix metering, and Multi CAM, an 11 point autofocus system with 1000 autofocus modules. At the same time, the D3000 is equipped with a 3-inch, 230000 pixel TFT and LCD display screen. The sensitivity of D3000 is set to ISO100, up to ISO1600, and Hi1 setting can increase the sensitivity to ISO3200. Editor's viewpoint: The new guidance mode makes photography simpler, which is also in line with the entry-level positioning of Nikon D3000. The newly upgraded performance, especially the focusing system, makes the D3000 fully capable of meeting the needs of photography beginners. At present, the price has dropped to a new low. Friends who are interested in purchasing may want to go to the market and experience it firsthand.
20x optical zoom, Canon SX20, IS only sold for 3050 yuan Author: Piaoxue Canon SX20, IS The appearance design of the IS is very user-friendly. It is not only equipped with an external flash, but also can be easily set and operated. The comfortable touch control dial is easy to operate with fingers; In terms of screen, it is equipped with a 2.5-inch, approximately 230000 pixel wide viewing angle, wide color gamut rotating LCD display screen, and also incorporates "Crystal Display" technology, which has significantly improved the display effect. The Canon SX20, IS, with approximately 12.1 million effective pixels and a 1/2.3-inch CCD, can capture photos with a maximum resolution of 4000 × 3000 and videos with 1280 × 720 pixels (30 frames per second). It uses a 20x optical zoom lens with an equivalent focal length of 28-560mm and an aperture range of F2.8-5.7. In addition, it has a sensitivity range of ISO, 80-1600, a shutter speed of 15-1/3200 seconds, and also has the ability to capture ultra macro shots at 0cm. The Canon SX20 and IS use DIGIC4 image processors, and their lenses are driven by USM (Ultrasonic, Motor) ultrasonic motors for high-speed zoom. Combined with IS optical stabilization technology, it can achieve image stabilization effects equivalent to increasing shutter speed by about 4 levels; It is worth mentioning that it is also equipped with an HDMI port and has HD high-definition short film shooting function. In addition, the Canon SX20 and IS also have an upgraded "Smart AUTO" mode and newly integrated servo autofocus/auto exposure functions, adding 4 scenes that can detect human movement and increasing the number of recognizable scenes to 22. In other aspects, it can support SD/SDHC/MMC/MMCplus/HC, MMCplus memory card expansion, and is powered by 4 AA batteries. , [Reference selling price], 3050 yuan, [Contact phone number], 0371-63597802
Reduced to a new low price, Nikon's high-definition DSLR D90 camera set costs 7150 yuan (Zhongguancun Online Digital Camera Market Report). The Nikon digital DSLR camera D90 has a 12 megapixel imaging capability and high-definition dynamic video recording function. The kit is equipped with a Nikon 18-105mm VR anti shake lens. Today, Nikon D90 has hit a new low price again, with the price of the kit adjusted to 7150 yuan. The D90 is equipped with Nikon's new DSLR short film feature, which can capture short films of 320 × 216 pixels, 640 × 424 pixels, or HD720p (1280 × 720 pixels) at a smooth speed of approximately 24 frames per second. The sensor of D90 is larger than that of ordinary portable cameras, and it can even ensure higher image quality, superior low noise, and high ISO sensitivity performance when shooting short videos. The use of Niccol interchangeable lenses can further expand the shooting range, from fisheye lenses to wide-angle lenses to ultra long range lenses, capturing creative short films or dramatic events that move people in life. Editor's viewpoint: The Nikon D90 has a powerful performance configuration that can fully meet the requirements of photography enthusiasts for shooting equipment. In addition to static photo shooting, the D90 also has high-definition video recording capabilities. Overall, the D90 is a professional DSLR with good performance in both dynamic and static aspects, suitable for enthusiasts interested in Nikon systems to choose from.
High definition ultra-thin card DC, Sony T90 with ticket only 1630 yuan (Zhongguancun Online Digital Camera Market Report) Compared to T77, T90 has made significant upgrades in many aspects. It not only increases effective pixels, but also supports popular high-definition video shooting functions. In terms of body shape, the 15mm thickness undoubtedly makes the T90 the thinnest among Sony's many new products in 2009. Now some dealers are quoting 1630 yuan (with ticket) for the Sony T90. Editor's viewpoint: The new T90 from Sony's T-series continues the lightweight design of the previous generation T77 and is a digital camera specifically designed for female users. Despite its slim appearance, the T90 boasts mainstream features such as high pixel count, optical image stabilization, high-definition camera, and large screen, making it perfectly suited for daily shooting. Sony, T90 [reference price] 1630 yuan with ticket [recommended merchant], Beijing Pioneer Digital [merchant address], Science and Trade Electronic City 1515B, phone: 010-59411225, 15210822268. , [Quotation inquiry], Digital camera product quotation, SONY product quotation
Beautiful and streamlined design, the 2G Onda VX510 is only available for 299 yuan. With the launch of another trendy new product, the Onda VX510, under the domestic digital giant Onda Electronics, it has sparked a wave of popularity in the digital market. Yesterday, I learned from Jinan Puhua Technology that this product has already arrived in small quantities in Jinan, priced at 299 yuan/2G. Friends who are interested in purchasing can call the merchant for more details. The VX510 has undergone significant changes from the previous style of the Onda, with a new exterior design that is more eye-catching in terms of fashion. From the dazzling mirror on the front, silver wire decoration on the side, streamlined design on the back, to the beautiful color matching, a fashionable atmosphere is highlighted everywhere. The blue purple body stands out in a dazzling glare. In its ultra-thin and ultra light design, VX510 is embedded with a 2.4-inch high-definition LCD screen with a resolution of 320 × 240, which maximizes the harmony between stylish appearance and portable applications. In addition, the VX510 incorporates the latest generation of touch button technology, which is more sensitive and precise. With just a gentle touch of your fingertips, you can awaken the "blues" style full of blue backlight, and operate it freely according to your needs, making it user-friendly and convenient. Editor's comment: Under the exquisite and beautiful exterior, the Angda VX510 integrates rich full-featured settings. It supports playback of all mainstream music formats such as MP3, WMA, FLAC, AAC, APE, and has synchronized lyrics display; In terms of video, AVI, DIVX, MPEG1, MPEG4, RM, VCD, XVID, RMVB, FLV, MP4 format films can be perfectly displayed on exquisite screens. Meanwhile, images in JPG, GIF, BMP, and PNG formats all support browsing, , FM radio, recording, e-book and other functions are also readily available. , [Product Name]: Onda, VX510, [Reference price]: 299 yuan, [Contact phone number]: 0531-86644358
Popular home camera, Canon FS200 only sells for 2260 yuan Author: Lu Xiaofeng, Shanghai market, Canon FS200 adopts a 1/6-inch CCD image sensor with approximately 800000 pixels and a 37x optical zoom lens, making it a popular home camera product. Today, the dealer "Shanghai Shiyuan.com Photography Equipment" is offering a low price promotion. The latest quote given by the merchant is only 2260 yuan (with ticket), which is quite cost-effective. Friends who like it can follow it. The Canon FS200 adopts a 2.7-inch widescreen color LCD screen with approximately 123000 pixels, which has a good display effect. In addition, FS200 adopts two "non spherical lenses" that avoid spherical aberration, achieving high-quality and beautiful images. In addition to 37x optical zoom, it also incorporates 41x optimized zoom technology. This technology is a clever combination of digital zoom and optical zoom. It is not simply digital zoom or optical zoom. When zooming, digital zoom is combined with lens movement to obtain closer but still clear images. The Canon FS200 uses flash storage, and the speed of reading and writing data is much faster than other types of DVs. In standby mode, immediately turn on the LCD screen to quickly start up in less than 1 second. Promotion information:+29 yuan, professional, lens pen,+199 yuan, Canon original lithium battery BP-808+129 yuan, Pinsheng charging set BP-808,+189 yuan, Pinsheng charging set BP-819,+359 yuan, SANDISK, 16GB, Video, HD, SDHC camera professional memory card,+209 yuan, SANDISK, 8GB, Video, HD, SDHC camera professional memory card,+139 yuan, Chuangjian SD-8G (HC-6) card. Editor's opinion: Canon FS200 uses flash memory as the storage medium, and the body is small and easy to carry. Flash storage is not only lightweight and compact, but can also work smoothly in high-altitude environments, and is more secure than hard drives. Although there is a certain gap in configuration between this household camera and current mainstream high-definition products, it is still sufficient for general household use. With the price reduction, this DV has reached a relatively stable and cost-effective level. , [Reference Price], 2260 yuan (with ticket), [Merchant Phone], 4007168822, 021-53020397
5X light to 24mm wide angle! On December 22, 2009, the price of Canon IXS2000 and IS at the merchant "Jinan Komande Digital" was only 2260 yuan. Canon IXS2000, IS is a product with innovative spirit, equipped not only with 24mm ultra wide angle but also with a 3.0-inch "Crystal II" touch LCD screen. Canon IXS2000, IS is Canon's first compact digital camera equipped with a 24mm ultra wide angle IS optical anti shake zoom lens. Paired with the newly adopted 5x optical zoom, the lens focal length is equivalent to 24-120mm of a 35mm camera, with a maximum aperture of F2.8 (wide angle)/5.9 (telephoto), covering focal lengths from ultra wide angle to medium telephoto. Whether for party photos or landscape photos, it can be taken with ease. 12.1 million effective pixel CCD and DIGIC, 4 image processors ensure outstanding image quality. Canon IXS2000, IS is the first digital camera from Canon to feature a touch LCD screen. The new design combines clear browsing with elegant touch control, fully realizing the concept of "one touch, one shot, one touch, one look". Combined with the new 3.0-inch "Crystal II" technology, the touch LCD screen has a larger color gamut display effect, high resolution, high contrast, and a wide viewing angle, effectively enhancing visibility. Advanced touch autofocus can choose to track and focus on objects, regardless of whether they are shooting people or other moving objects. Simply tap the subject you want to shoot to start automatic tracking and focusing. After half pressing the shutter, it can automatically track and focus and expose, especially when shooting moving faces, it can easily capture clear and accurate facial skin color with brightness.
Full HD image recording DV, the BenQ Magic Cube M1 is only sold for 1999 yuan in Guangdong market. BenQ's digital cameras have always been known for their small and exquisite size and good cost-effectiveness. Now BenQ has officially entered the field of digital cameras. Its first digital camera, the BenQ M1, which supports 1080p full HD image recording and also has the function of capturing millions of pixels of static photos, has been launched, also known as the Magic Cube. At present, the merchant's quotation is 1999 yuan. Interested friends should follow us. In terms of appearance, the BenQ Magic Cube M1 is a compact pocket DV weighing only 210g, featuring a unique burgundy design and a large 3.0-inch screen on the back. M1 is held in the hand, very light, and the touch screen operation is simple. The grand financial red color is lightweight and fashionable for girls to hold. In terms of shooting, M1 is equipped with a 3-inch smart touch LCD screen with 16:9 and 270 degree rotation. In addition to facilitating users to take photos and selfies, M1 can also achieve touch based autofocus based on this screen. When users capture moving objects, they can easily lock onto the target, continuously locate and track them, without being disturbed by shaking backgrounds, and avoid the occurrence of defocusing. In terms of video recording, M1 also has a three second pre recording function. Simply press the pre recording button before shooting to temporarily store the first three seconds of video in memory. For example, in a game, when a player dribbles to the goal and is ready to shoot at any time, the user presses the RRE-REC button. At this time, M1 will continue to pre record three seconds of footage until the camera button is pressed. The first three seconds of footage will automatically become the beginning of the video and follow immediately. In terms of application, M1 also supports dual screen output function, allowing users to see synchronized displays on both large screen TVs and DV touch screens, eliminating the need to guess which button on the DV body to press based on the TV screen. In addition, M1 can intelligently add fade in or fade out effects to the beginning/end of a movie, with just a slight adjustment before filming. In terms of portability, the M1 body weighs only 210 grams (excluding battery and memory card), which is relatively lightweight and allows users to truly grasp it with one hand. It is not only easy to carry, but also estimated to be able to be used continuously for up to 90 minutes in Full and HD video recording modes. It can also be charged through a socket while recording videos. Moreover, M1 is equipped with an HDMI high-definition transmission interface, which can output high-definition images to playback platforms such as TVs, computers, or projectors that support Full and HD, allowing the whole family to easily enjoy excellent audio and video effects. Editor's comment: Although the configuration of the BenQ M1 digital camera does not reach the top level, its compact appearance and good shooting performance have truly become the pocket DV among ordinary consumers. The BenQ M1 can be said to be deeply rooted in people's hearts, and I believe it will definitely have great potential in the market. , [Product Model], BenQ Magic Cube M1, [Merchant Quotation], 1999 yuan, [Contact Phone], 020-61026123
The versatile portable telephoto camera, Samsung WB550 comes with a 4GB card for 1899 yuan (Zhongguancun Online Digital Camera Market Report). The Samsung WB550 uses a 1/2.3-inch CCD image sensor with 12.2 million effective pixels, which can capture images with a maximum resolution of 4000 × 3000 pixels. On the lens, the camera still uses an equivalent focal length of 24-240mm, Schneider certified 10x optical zoom lens, with a maximum aperture of F3.3 (wide-angle) - F5.8 (telephoto). Today, the author learned in the market that the latest price of Samsung WB550 is 1899 yuan, and it comes with a 4GB storage card and camera case. Editor's note: Samsung WB550 has excellent performance configuration, with a large zoom ratio lens that combines wide-angle and telephoto, which can meet the needs of the vast majority of consumers. And mainstream features such as optical stabilization and high-quality LCD screens are also equipped on the WB550 one by one.
720P live broadcast, OPPO's first mobile TV K39 Meitu Award, author: Han Qin. OPPO, as an excellent manufacturer of portable audio and video players in China, has outstanding performance and representative works in the MP3 and video MP4 fields. Recently, it will enter the CMMB mobile TV field and launch a new full touch CMMB mobile TV K39. K39 will adopt a 4.3-inch screen, 800 × 480 resolution, built-in CA card, and can directly watch encrypted TV channels. In addition, K39 also supports 720P high-definition playback. Editor's comment: OPPO, K39 adopts a metal design with a body size of 117 × 77 × 12.4 (mm). The device will still use the SMART operating system, with a stunning interactive interface. In addition to only having CMMB mobile TV functionality, the K39 will also have high-definition playback capabilities and support 720P movie playback. In addition, the new product also has other functions such as music playback, gaming, e-books, etc. From the introduction of parameters and appearance, K39 and S39 are very similar, but with the addition of CMMB mobile TV function. Based on S39's excellent touch and high-definition playback performance, the launch of K39 is highly anticipated.
The fashionable home card DC, Samsung PL70 is only sold for 1150 yuan in Hebei market. Since its launch in mid July, Samsung PL70 has withstood the test and finally experienced a small price drop again in recent days. This move is gratifying. The Samsung PL series home digital cameras are specially tailored for entry-level users. From the PL45, PL65 to today's PL70, each camera has strong performance under the cover of a simple and atmospheric appearance. This PL70 is also like this, with 12 million pixels, 28mm wide angle, dual anti shake, and 720p high-definition video shooting. These features are enough to shift our attention to it. Currently, this camera is priced at 1150 yuan at Shijiazhuang Songlong Digital. In terms of exterior design, this PL70 still has a delicate and comfortable visual and tactile feel. Its three measurements of 95.8 × 59.5 × 23.9mm and weight of 149.0g make this small Samsung PL70 so exquisite and cute whether you put it in your pocket or hold it in your hand. There is not too much decoration on the front, and the anti slip strip on the right hand is more like a decoration. The brushed craftsmanship shows Samsung's usual nobility, and although the appearance is not too unique, it is generous and trendy. The Samsung PL70 is equipped with a 1/2.33-inch CCD sensor with 12 million effective pixels, and the 5x optical zoom lens has a rare 28mm wide-angle capability. It can take photos with a maximum resolution of 4000 × 3000, a focal length of 28-140mm, an aperture range of F3.4-F5.8, a macro focus range of 5cm-80cm (wide-angle), and 50cm-80cm (telephoto). The maximum sensitivity can reach ISO3200, and the dual image stabilization function makes image stabilization more effective, making your shooting easier. The key point to note is the 1280 × 720/30fps high-definition video recording function of PL70, which adopts the most advanced H.264 video compression technology and can provide longer shooting time. Facial recognition and beauty functions are fully equipped. The back of the Samsung PL70 body features a 3.0-inch 230000 pixel TFT display, which delivers excellent results during framing and photo playback, satisfying both color and detail levels. Of course, many Samsung cameras we know are equipped with a variety of rich photography or entertainment functions. This Samsung PL70 has intelligent scene recognition and intelligent photo album functions. You can classify it according to shooting time, week, image type, and image color, making the body more humanized. The beauty shooting function can automatically remove facial blemishes during facial photography and adjust brightness and color appropriately based on facial skin tone. Easily have a more beautiful smile. Editor's comment: The highlights of the Samsung PL70 are similar to other PL cameras, but it is stylish, ultra-thin, 12 megapixel, 28mm wide-angle, and high-definition video shooting. Moreover, the camera function is quite rich, and it can integrate so many mainstream functions into one. The launch price is not as outrageous as we thought. The Samsung PL70 does a good job. , [Product Name], Samsung PL70, [Reference Price], 1150 yuan, [Contact Number], 15933311174
A stylish ultra-thin telephoto camera, the Panasonic ZR1 set is only sold for 2099 yuan. The design of the Panasonic ZR1 is simple and can be suitable for different people's choices. The body is also relatively light and thin, while the appearance continues the style of Panasonic in the past. The dimensions of the machine are approximately 97.8, x, 54.6, x26.0 millimeters, and approximately 138 grams. The Panasonic ZR1 is equipped with a 2.7-inch TFT display screen (230K dots), with a field of view of about 100%, a wide-angle screen, and a relatively large viewing range. The Panasonic ZR1 has a 12.1-megapixel 1/2.33-inch primary color filter, and its lens is an 8x lens with an aperture size of F3.3-5.9. Its equivalent focal length value is 25-200 millimeters. And it has POWER, O.I.S., and enhanced optical stabilization function, which can reduce the interference of shaking and make shooting more stable. The Panasonic ZR1 has a fast focusing response, which can capture high-speed dynamic objects in a timely manner. Similarly, the machine also has a personal recognition mode that prioritizes autofocus. The machine's modes include portrait/skin softening/transformation/selfie/landscape/panoramic assist/sports, etc. The Panasonic ZR1 provides ample shooting capabilities and is exquisitely compact, making it perfect for carrying around when going out. Panasonic digital camera ZR1 white (including invoice, Christmas gift: 2.7-inch protective sticker+SD card reader+JASON four in one cleaning set)+original camera bag, product information: Panasonic ZR1, today's quotation: 2099 yuan, contact phone: 021-64689031
A small discount before the Double Festival, Sony SX60E flash DV special offer. In half a month, we will usher in a brand new year of 2010. Before the arrival of the new year, Zhengzhou New Time Digital launched a Sony DV special offer promotion. The SX60E has a promotional price of only 2220 yuan. It not only has 60x optical zoom performance, but also comes with 16GB storage space. The overall shooting performance is also very good. Friends who like it may want to visit the merchant to learn more. The overall horizontal design of the Sony SX60E camera is smooth, with a body size of 53 × 59 × 107mm and a weight of about 200g. It is lightweight and easy to carry around. The side of the camera is equipped with a 2.7-inch LCD screen that can rotate 270 degrees. Unfortunately, the effective pixel count of the screen is only 123000, and the display effect is average, but it is sufficient to meet general shooting needs. The Sony SX60E, equipped with 800000 effective pixels and a 1/8-inch CCD, boasts a 60x optical zoom performance Zeiss lenses can also achieve amazing 2000x digital zoom, with a focal length range of 1.8-108mm, aperture sizes of F1.8-6.0, shutter speeds of 1/3-1/3500, and electronic image stabilization in dynamic shooting mode. In addition, the PMB software exclusive to the Sony SX60E has also been fully upgraded, with the new feature eDeco making it easy to add borders, annotation text, sound effects, and more to captured videos and photos, and upload them to the internet for sharing with family and friends. The dynamic image tracking function can automatically analyze the video's movement trajectory, generate static images, and reproduce magnificent scenes. In other aspects, it has 16GB of built-in memory and can also be expanded with external Memory, Stick, and PRO memory sticks. Sony SX60E [Reference selling price]: 2220 yuan [Recommended merchant]: Zhengzhou New Time Digital [Company address]: E02-E01, Huike Digital Plaza, Zhengzhou Science and Technology Market [Branch address]: 106-1, Zone Z, Zhengzhou Science and Technology Market Innovation Building [Contact phone number]: 139371214500 371-636605506366055163660552
Video live streaming function, iriverP7 is only sold for 699 yuan, by Mao Xiaoman. iriver, P7 continues the simple and stylish appearance design of Korean products, personalized operation UI, and also adds RMVB video live streaming function. At present, the price for this product with a 4GB capacity is only 699 yuan. For inquiries, please call 010-8269762. Iriver, P7 capacity: 4GB, price: 699 yuan Editor's review: Iriver, P7 player has an external size of 73.4 × 112.3 × 13.6mm, weight of 175.25g, and comes with a battery that can play 35 hours of audio or 7 hours of video. It supports MPEG-1, MPEG-2, MPEG-4, Xvid, WMV, 7/8/9, RM/RMVB, H.264 and other formats, achieving a breakthrough in video playback function for foreign models. At the same time, it also incorporates Iriver's proud SRS, WOW, HD sound system and 7 EQ modes, ensuring perfect sound quality presentation. Iriver P7 player has complete functions such as text reading, recording, FM broadcasting, etc. The GUI interface is very innovative. Due to the use of touch screen control, the designer of Iriver has streamlined the machine's function buttons, only including power switch, lock button, and volume increase/decrease button. The packaging box of the Iriver P7 player continues the tradition of Iriver, which is environmentally friendly and simple. Consumers can use it to hold business cards or as a picture frame, with many uses. ,, iriver,P7, [Reference quotation], 4GB/699 yuan, [Consultation phone], 010-82697620
Colorful Fashion MP3, Samsung U5 is only sold for 299 yuan. Samsung YP-U5 (2GB) has five fashionable and beautiful colors to choose from: blue, pink, white, red, and black. The color sense is very intense. The Samsung YP-U5 (2GB) also offers a back clip on the back, coupled with colorful styles, making it look like a hair card. The body is very compact, with dimensions of only 25 × 88 × 11.8mm and a weight of only 23g, making it completely portable. On the front of the device, an OLED cold light screen can be seen, displaying clear fonts. The Samsung YP-U5 (2GB) can support MP3, WMA, OGG, and Flac audio format file playback. In addition, it supports Samsung's latest DNSe generation 3 sound effects, with 5 sound effects, providing 7 choices: automatic, normal, studio, rock, rhythm and blues, ballroom, and concert hall. Customization is also possible, with EQ and 3D adjustments, resulting in excellent effects. In addition to its excellent music playback function, the Samsung YP-U5 (2GB) also supports functions such as FM radio, lyric display, and MIC recording.   I believe this stylish MP3 player with outstanding sound quality and vibrant colors will also add bright colors to the personalized lives of students and young white-collar workers. Samsung YP-U5 (2GB) [reference price], 299 yuan [contact information], 13434150009
4x optical zoom lens, Sony W220 is only sold for 1350 yuan. The Sony W220 camera comes in multiple colors including silver, black, blue, and pink for you to choose from. Whether you are an elegant gentleman or a fashionable woman, you can choose your favorite color. The whole machine weighs about 118g and is very portable. Equipped with a 2.7-inch 230000 pixel LCD screen, the display effect is good. The Sony W220 digital camera is equipped with a 1/2.3-inch 12.1-megapixel CCD sensor. Adopting fully automatic operation mode, supporting image shooting with a maximum resolution of 4000x3000. Built in BIONZ and Engine image processor, the image colors are full and vibrant. A lens with 4x light conversion capability, equivalent to a 35mm focal length of 30-120 and an aperture range of F2.8 (wide-angle) -5.8 (telephoto). Support optical image stabilization function and facial recognition function. And it comes with clear raw data noise reduction function, ensuring that clear and realistic images are captured. The Sony W220 digital camera has a startup time of approximately 1.8ms, built-in 15MB memory, and supports MS memory sticks. And it provides USB 2.0 interface, DC input/AV output video interface, making it convenient for users to connect. Editor's review: The Sony W220 is a very practical home camera with clear imaging, realistic shooting effects, and a reasonable price, which can fully meet household needs. The seller on Sanhao Street quoted 1350 yuan, and friends in need may consider it. , [Brand Model], Sony W220, [Reference Price], 1350 yuan, [Merchant Phone], 024-81627433
The effective pixel count reaches 12.3 million, and the Nikon D90 set is sold for 6980. Author: Song Xinjie. The Nikon D90 uses a DX format CMOS sensor with an effective pixel count of 12.3 million, and can capture images with a maximum resolution of 4288 × 2848. The D90 uses a 3.0-inch LCD display screen with approximately 920000 pixels, featuring live view and facial priority focusing functions. The scene recognition system also enhances the accuracy of the camera's autofocus, auto exposure, and auto white balance under various shooting conditions. The camera sensitivity range is from ISO200 to ISO3200 and can be extended to ISO100 to ISO6400. The D90 also comes with an image sensor dust removal function, which can effectively remove dust that reduces image quality on the sensor's optical low-pass filter. The D90 is equipped with Nikon's new DSLR short film feature, which can capture short films of 320 × 216 pixels, 640 × 424 pixels, or HD720p (1280 × 720 pixels) at a smooth speed of approximately 24 frames per second. The sensor of D90 is larger than that of ordinary portable cameras, and it can even ensure higher image quality, superior low noise, and high ISO sensitivity performance when shooting short videos. The use of Niccol interchangeable lenses can further expand the shooting range, from fisheye lenses to wide-angle lenses to ultra long range lenses, capturing creative short films or dramatic events that move people in life. Editor's viewpoint: The Nikon D90 has a powerful performance configuration that can fully meet the requirements of photography enthusiasts for shooting equipment. In addition to static photo shooting, the D90 also has high-definition video recording capabilities. Overall, the D90 is a professional DSLR with good performance in both dynamic and static aspects, suitable for enthusiasts interested in Nikon systems to choose from. , [Reference price], 6980 yuan, [Contact phone number], 010-519535713264399408
24mm ultra wide angle 5x variable lens, Sony WX1 only available in 1999. The Sony WX1 has a lightweight and exquisite appearance, continuing Sony's W series style. The body has three colors to choose from. The dimensions of the device are approximately 90.5mm × 51.8mm × 19.8mm, and the Sony WX1 is equipped with a 2.7-inch TFT LCD screen with a pixel display of approximately 230000 pixels. The machine is equipped with a 1/2.4 inch Exmor, R, CMOS sensor with an effective pixel count of 10.2 million and a BIONZ image processor. This machine has multiple AFs (9-point, no face detected)/center AF/fixed-point AF, etc. Capable of shooting high-definition videos at 1280 × 720 at approximately 30fps. The G lens of this machine has a 5x light conversion, an F value of 2.4-5.9, and an equivalent focal length value of 24-120mm. Its wide-angle end is also quite impressive. Editor's comment: The Sony WX1 is equipped with intelligent automatic/program automatic/easy shooting and 11 other scene modes, as well as features such as smiling face and facial recognition that have always been present. The device is equipped with approximately 11MB of internal memory and storage media such as Memory, Stick, PRO, Duo, etc. As another masterpiece of Sony, the stylish and improved image quality of Sony WX1 is believed to be able to make many consumers pay for it. Product information: Sony WX1, today's quotation: 1999 yuan, contact phone: 010-62698564
Paired with an 18-55mm anti shake lens, the Nikon D3000 has been reduced to 3550. Editor's review: As a new generation entry-level DSLR camera, the performance of the Nikon D3000 is quite good, and it has a great advantage in the entry-level market. Moreover, the price of this camera is also quite low. Currently, the price of pairing with the Nikon 18-55mm anti shake lens is only 3550 yuan. Combined with its excellent performance and equipped anti shake lens, this price makes the cost-effectiveness of this camera absolutely top-notch among entry-level products. [Reference price]: Nikon D3000 (with 18-55mm lens), 3550 yuan, [Consultation phone]: (028) 6859995113458576569
Professional grade DSLR camera, Nikon D90 single head kit priced at 7680. Editor's review: The Nikon D90 uses Nikon DX format CMOS sensor, with an effective pixel count of 12.3 million. Its high ISO noise control and white balance performance are significantly better than the previous D70. The D90 uses a 3.0-inch LCD display screen with approximately 920000 pixels, featuring live view and facial priority focusing functions. In addition, the D90 is equipped with Nikon's new DSLR short film feature, which can capture short films in 320 × 216 pixels, 640 × 424 pixels, or HD720p (1280 × 720 pixels) JPEG format at a smooth speed of approximately 24 frames per second. , [reference price], 7680 yuan, [contact information], 0755-23956155
Full HD 80G capacity DV, Sony XR100E gift 4950 yuan (Zhongguancun Online Digital Camera Market Report) Sony XR100E is a hard disk high-definition camera equipped with an "Exmor" CMOS image sensor and a "BIONZ" image processor. The "Exmor" CMOS sensor features advanced backlighting technology, significantly improving sensitivity under low light conditions. Combined with Sony's advanced built-in column A/D conversion technology and dual noise reduction technology, it greatly reduces noise. The ClearVid crystal array also enriches the details of capturing high-definition dynamic images and high-resolution static images, presenting high-resolution, high-sensitivity, and high-definition images. Today, the author learned from the dealer that the price of the Sony XR100E with 4GB memory card and photography bag is 4950 yuan. Reminder: Currently, some unscrupulous merchants in the market disguise smuggled Sony cameras as genuine goods for sale, deceiving consumers to make huge profits. Consumers are advised to pay attention when making purchases. Parallel imported products cannot obtain the manufacturer's warranty service. After purchasing Sony imaging products in Zhongguancun area, you can go to the Sony repair center on the underground second floor of Dinghao Mall to confirm whether they are genuine licensed products. Compared to the previous Sony hard drive DV, the XR series products now have larger storage space. The XR100E is equipped with an 80GB hard drive, which can meet users' long-term shooting needs.   Dynamic and static images can be hard copied to a memory stick without the need for a computer. Editor's viewpoint: As a high-definition hard drive camera, the Sony XR100E has a large capacity to meet the needs of long-term shooting, while the HDD drop protection function makes the data of the hard drive camera more stable and secure. At present, the price is relatively reasonable and can be considered as a representative of high cost-effectiveness among cameras.
Christmas and New Year's Day frenzy! On December 14, 2009, the entry-level Sony A500 set broke 4K [Shandong IT Online Report]. The Sony A500 was on sale for only 3999 yuan on Christmas and New Year's Day at the merchant "Jinan Tianhong Wanmei" 18-55 single head set. The Sony A500 is Sony's latest entry-level DSLR camera with 12.3 million effective pixels. The biggest advantage of Sony A500 in terms of image quality is reflected in the new 12.3-megapixel Exmor, CMOS image sensor, and new BIONZ image processor, which bring delicate images at high ISO. The equipped automatic HDR (high dynamic range) function can bring a maximum dynamic range expansion of 3EV, and can simultaneously record the real details of highlights and shadows under high light ratio, bringing rich layering and delicate color expression. The DRO function of the Sony A500 is closer to the visual perception of the human eye. The upgraded DRO function further improves the detail recording ability of distant scenes and balanced exposure control of the subject and background on the basis of previous models. The powerful data processing capability enables the A500 to achieve a continuous shooting speed of 5 frames per second in optical viewfinder (OVF) mode and 4 frames per second in live view mode. The body stabilization function of A500 is equipped with a shutter speed setting that can be lowered by up to 4 levels for any lens used. The Sony A500 is equipped with a 3-inch foldable LCD screen (approximately 230000 pixels), providing a brighter, more comfortable, and exquisite shooting experience and playback effects, with the ability to flip up and down 90 degrees respectively. The A500's real-time shooting function is also equipped with face detection and smiling shutter options. The battery life of the A500 has also been comprehensively improved. With the anti shake function enabled, it can achieve a battery life of up to 1000 shots in optical shooting mode, reaching the battery life performance of most mid-range phones, making travel shooting easier.
The king of cost-effectiveness, the 4G Cool Cube B5 is only sold for 399 yuan, with a popular 3-inch widescreen host Cool Cube B5 and a newly designed stylish appearance. The Kubi B5 showcases its exquisite craftsmanship, tactile feel, and other aspects. It adopts the most advanced 16 million color 3.0-inch 16:10 true widescreen (resolution 400 × 240) in China, and incorporates Korean designers' fashionable and sharp design appearance, which is very beautiful and generous. The current retail price is 2G/199 yuan and 4G/299 yuan. Kubi B5 can easily achieve up to D1 resolution (800 × 480) RMVB/RM/AVI/FLV/MPG/WMV/VOB/3GPP movie live streaming.   B5 not only supports traditional formats such as MP3 and WMA, but also provides perfect support for lossless music formats APE/FLAC, supports Microsoft PlayFX sound effects, high-speed USB, 2.0 interface, dual threading tasks, supports LRC lyrics display, image browsing, text reading, recording and other basic functions. Editor's comment: High definition MP3 is certainly attractive, but for most people, MP3 is just an occasional pastime on the road, and the price of thousands of yuan seems a bit luxurious. It's better to consider purchasing a product that costs 399 yuan. If you want a compact one, choose a pure music product. If you want to occasionally watch videos, choose an RM live streaming machine, which is more affordable. , [Brand and Model]: Cool Cube, B5(4GB), [Reference price]: 399 yuan, 4G,/, 199 yuan, 2G, [Contact phone number]: 13915013357
Fashion home card DC, Canon IXUS 120 with ticket only sold for 2060 Author: Lu Xiaofeng IXUS, 120, IS adopts a stainless steel body, with a simple and stylish design. The cool colors of cold silver, deep black, serene blue, and gorgeous brown, which are full of urban emotions, make this camera more fashionable. IXUS, 120, IS adopts 12.1 million effective pixel CCD and DIGIC with stronger data processing capability and faster operation speed, 4 image processors. Supports shooting 720P high-definition videos and provides users with an HDMI output interface. By connecting to a high-definition TV through the HDMI interface, users can enjoy more realistic high-definition short films and images on a large screen. The upgraded "Smart AUTO" mode adds detection for 4 character motion scenes on top of the original 18 scene detection, automatic detection for up to 22 detail scenes, and color icon display for 22 scene types, allowing you to handle multiple shooting environments with ease. When shooting people in motion, it is often difficult to obtain satisfactory photos due to defocusing and inappropriate exposure caused by the subject moving after focusing and exposure locking. The new servo autofocus/auto exposure function of "Smart AUTO" not only automatically tracks and focuses on moving people, but also enables continuous focusing and exposure adjustment of the subject even when the person is moving after half pressing the shutter, allowing you to easily seize every shooting opportunity. Considering the body size and user base, the IXUS, 120, and IS have removed the optical viewfinder that users do not commonly use, while the LCD screen size has increased from 2.5 inches to 2.7 inches for the IXUS, 100, and IS, and continues to use the "Crystal II" LCD screen. This not only improves visibility but also presents real images without scratches or stains. Editor's viewpoint: Canon IXUS, 120, IS has a compact and lightweight metal body, which looks very fashionable in appearance. In addition, it has been further upgraded in terms of performance, with a 28mm wide-angle performance that makes the camera more adept at capturing large scenes. And excellent picture quality performance is also a traditional advantage of IXUS. The current merchant is promoting it with discounted prices. Friends who like it may want to contact the merchant. , [Reference price], 2060 yuan (with ticket), [Contact information], 4007168822, 020-83846705
The Fuji Z33WP has a 3x optical zoom lens and is only sold for 920 yuan. Although it is a waterproof camera, the exterior design of the Fuji Z33WP is still quite fashionable. Its shell is treated with matte, and the corners are rounded, making it very cute. It also has five beautiful colors to choose from. The size of this machine is 92 * 59.6 * 20.6mm, and its weight is only 110 grams, which is considered very compact among similar products. The Fuji Z33WP is equipped with a 1/2.3-inch 10 megapixel effective pixel CCD sensor and a 3x optical zoom Fujiron lens, with an equivalent focal length of 35-105mm. It can capture photos with a maximum resolution of 3684 * 2736 pixels and video clips with a resolution of 640 * 480 pixels. The back of the Fuji Z33WP is equipped with a 2.7-inch 230000 pixel display screen, built-in 50MB storage space, and supports SD/SDHC memory card expansion. In terms of battery life, Z33WP comes standard with NP-45 lithium battery, which has good battery life. In addition to its 3-meter waterproof feature, the Fuji Z33WP also has intelligent selfie, group shooting, dual anti shake and other functions, as well as excellent photo playback and processing capabilities. It is worth mentioning that the photo playback function of Z33WP can display 100 photos at 10X10, and combined with 12 editing functions in the Blog mode, it can add various artistic effects to the images in the camera, and the replayed photos can also be recorded. Editor's comment: As Fuji's first waterproof digital camera, the Fuji Z33WP not only features a stylish and compact exterior design, but also adds fun and practical functions such as intelligent scene mode and blog editing. At present, the price of this machine is less than 1000 yuan. For friends who love water activities and fashion, Z33WP is indeed a good choice. , [Reference price]: Fuji Z33WP, 920 yuan, [Consultation phone]: 13213128351
Featuring a 23x optical zoom, the Fuji A175 is only sold for 499 yuan. The A175 still retains the classic design of the A-series, with a plastic body and a frosted surface treatment. The thinnest part of the machine is 21.9mm, and it weighs only 120 grams, with good portability. The back of the device is equipped with a 2.7-inch 230000 pixel display screen, which has clear display effects and excellent picture quality. Fuji, the A175 still adopts the classic design of the A-series, with a plastic body and a frosted surface treatment. The thinnest part of the machine is 21.9mm, and it weighs only 120 grams, with good portability. The back of the device is equipped with a 2.7-inch 230000 pixel display screen, which has clear display effects and excellent picture quality.
24mm wide-angle anti shake lens, Leica D-LUX4 latest price 7400 Author: Chen Liang Leica D-LUX, 4 is very close to Panasonic LX3 digital camera. From the appearance, D-LUX, Compared to its predecessor D-LUX, the changes in 3 are not significant. The size is 108.7x59.5x27.1mm and the weight is 265 grams. The biggest change is that its LCD screen has been upgraded to 3 inches with 460000 pixels, which is believed to improve the framing effect. At the same time, in order to meet the needs of professional players, Panasonic has specially prepared an external optical viewfinder and a flash hot shoe socket. D-LUX, 4. Adopting the latest developed 1/1.63-inch 10 megapixel CCD with a maximum resolution of 3648x2736; According to official sources, it has increased saturation by 35%, and together, it provides a sensitivity 40% higher than traditional ISO sensitivity. Significant improvements have been made to the lens section: the D-LUX is equipped with Leica's DC, VARIO-SUMMICRON, 2.5x optical zoom lens, and OIS image stabilization system. The actual physical focal length is 5.1-12.8mm, which is converted to a traditional focal length of 24-60mm, with an aperture range of f/2.0 (wide-angle) - f/2.8 (telephoto). There has been a significant improvement in both focal length and maximum aperture. The new lens consists of 8 6-group lenses and 4 non spherical lenses, providing high resolution and minimal distortion and color difference performance. D-LUX, 4 also has multi area autofocus systems such as facial recognition and target tracking. ISO sensitivity ranges from 100 to 3200, and can reach ISO 6400 in high sensitivity mode. Similar to its predecessor D-LUX, 3, D-LUX, 4 offers 24 scene modes for users to choose from. In addition to these automatic modes, there is also a manual aperture/shutter priority mode that is suitable for creative users. last, D-LUX, 4 supports SD (SDHC) memory card storage and also provides 50MB of memory. The power comes from a 3.7V, 1150mAh dedicated lithium-ion battery, which can take 380 consecutive photos according to CIPA standards. Editor's viewpoint: Although the price of Leica D-LUX4 has decreased significantly during this period. But the price of 7700 yuan is still too high for ordinary consumers, with the Panasonic LX3, which has similar performance, priced at only 3600 yuan. This Leica wide-angle digital camera is only a choice for photography enthusiasts. , [Reference price], 7400 yuan with original package included, [Contact number], 010-82672760
Anti shake entry-level DSLR! On December 4, 2009, the price of the Sony A500 single head kit from seller "Jinan Tianhong Wanmei" 18-55 was 4150 yuan. The Sony A500 is Sony's latest entry-level DSLR camera with 12.3 million effective pixels. The biggest advantage of Sony A500 in terms of image quality is reflected in the new 12.3-megapixel Exmor, CMOS image sensor, and new BIONZ image processor, which bring delicate images at high ISO. The equipped automatic HDR (high dynamic range) function can bring a maximum dynamic range expansion of 3EV, and can simultaneously record the real details of highlights and shadows under high light ratio, bringing rich layering and delicate color expression. The DRO function of the Sony A500 is closer to the visual perception of the human eye. The upgraded DRO function further improves the detail recording ability of distant scenes and balanced exposure control of the subject and background on the basis of previous models. The powerful data processing capability enables the A500 to achieve a continuous shooting speed of 5 frames per second in optical viewfinder (OVF) mode and 4 frames per second in live view mode. The body stabilization function of A500 is equipped with a shutter speed setting that can be lowered by up to 4 levels for any lens used. The Sony A500 is equipped with a 3-inch foldable LCD screen (approximately 230000 pixels), providing a brighter, more comfortable, and exquisite shooting experience and playback effects, with the ability to flip up and down 90 degrees respectively. The A500's real-time shooting function is also equipped with face detection and smiling shutter options. The battery life of the A500 has also been comprehensively improved. With the anti shake function enabled, it can achieve a battery life of up to 1000 shots in optical shooting mode, reaching the battery life performance of most mid-range phones, making travel shooting easier.
The effective pixel count reaches 15.1 million, and the Canon 500D set is sold on the 4530 Canon EOS. The 500D uses the latest APS-C sensor, with an effective pixel count of 15.1 million. The powerful DIGIC, 4-image engine, and extremely fast processing speed of the Canon EOS and 500D enable continuous shooting at 3.4 frames per second even at the highest pixel level. In addition, the Canon EOS 500D has further improved its noise suppression function, with a sensitivity that can be extended up to 12800, typically ISO, and adjustable from 100-3200. In terms of parameters, the Canon EOS 500D adopts a fast and high-precision 9-point wide area autofocus system, equipped with a high-precision 35 area metering sensor, which can grasp subtle differences in light through four metering modes according to the shooting environment, and capture more exciting images. The camera shutter speed ranges from 1/4000 to 1/60 second, supports B-gate, flash sync speed is 1/200 second, Canon EOS, upgraded 500D LCD screen to 3.0-inch 920000 pixels, with anti reflective coating. Editor's comment: The Canon 500D is capable of recording 1920 × 1080, 20 frames per second full HD H.264 videos, and has added a "real-time face priority mode" to its real-time display shooting function. Automatically recognize a person's face and determine the focus and exposure mode. This feature can recognize up to 35 faces in the frame and prioritize focusing on larger and more prominent faces near the center of the frame. Product information: Canon 500D (set), today's quotation: 4530 yuan, contact phone: 010-82672760
High definition flash memory camera, Canon HD HF, S100 promotion editing viewpoint: Canon digital camera HF, S100 has 8.59 million total pixels, adopts 1/2.6 inch FULL, HD, CMOS image sensor, and belongs to the high-end DV field of configuration. In addition, it uses flash memory as the storage medium, which can work in more harsh environments.
High end DSLR camera, Canon 7D with ticket set priced at 12150 Author: Chen Liang EOS, 7D achieves a continuous shooting speed of up to about 8 frames per second with high image quality of about 18 million effective pixels. And it is equipped with many new functions such as high-speed intelligent autofocus system. EOS and 7D not only achieve an effective pixel count of approximately 18 million, but also achieve fine image representation with low noise. The CMOS image sensor it is equipped with is a product independently developed and produced by Canon. At the same time as improving pixel sensitivity, improvements were made to the transistors within the pixel to achieve a higher S/N (signal-to-noise) ratio. The commonly used ISO sensitivity for 7D is 100-6400, and the maximum extended ISO sensitivity is 12800. Image signal transmission is achieved by high-speed reading of a single channel sequence while using 8 channels for high-speed reading. Compared to EOS and 50D, it is about 1.3 times faster and achieves high-speed continuous shooting of about 8 frames per second. In addition, corresponding comprehensive dust removal measures have been taken for sensor dust generated during lens replacement, mirror and shutter movements; At the same time, it is also equipped with the "EOS Comprehensive Dust Removal System" that can remove dust from both camera hardware and accompanying software, which is very thoughtful in terms of dust removal function. The shutter unit and body cover are made of special materials that are not prone to debris; Even if dust accidentally enters, ultrasonic waves can vibrate the low-pass filter at the front of the image sensor to shake off the dust. The surface of the low-pass filter has been treated with a fluorine coating, which has a good dust removal effect on both high viscosity dust that is difficult to remove and damp dust. The dual DIGIC and 4 digital image processors enable rapid and high-precision processing of massive data with approximately 18 million pixels, which is read out at high speed from the image sensor through 8 channels. Equipped with 2 high-performance digital image processors DIGIC, 4, it can perform parallel processing on various data, and even with about 18 million effective pixels, it can achieve high-speed image processing of up to 8 frames per second continuous shooting. The EOS and 7D are equipped with up to 19 automatic focusing points, and the focusing accuracy of each focusing point has been improved. All 19 focus points are equipped with cross shaped autofocus sensors corresponding to the F5.6 beam. The horizontal line type autofocus sensor used for detecting vertical lines is arranged in a cross shape with the vertical line type autofocus sensor used for detecting horizontal lines, thereby achieving high subject capture capability. The central focus point is equipped with a cross shaped autofocus sensor with higher precision for the F2.8 beam in the oblique direction relative to the F5.6 beam cross shaped autofocus sensor. Through the collaborative work of the central eight directional double cross autofocus sensor, high-speed and high-precision focusing has been achieved. The artificial intelligence servo autofocus function for tracking subjects has also undergone significant evolution on EOS and 7D. The optical viewfinder of EOS and 7D has a field of view of about 100% and a magnification of about 1x (100%), as well as a 29.4 ° viewing angle and a 22mm eye point. Its optical performance is also among the top in the history of EOS DSLR cameras. The range observed through an optical viewfinder with a field of view of about 100% is basically consistent with the actual shooting range, thus enabling very accurate composition. In addition, the EOS and 7D are equipped with an "intelligent information display optical viewfinder" with a backlit LCD panel in the optical viewfinder, which can display grid lines and 3D electronic levels on the focusing screen. The body shell of EOS and 7D is made of magnesium alloy material that is lightweight, highly rigid, and has electromagnetic shielding effect. The surface coating adopts the same coating material and process as the top-level EOS-1D series in EOS digital SLR cameras. In addition, EOS and 7D also have waterproof and dustproof structures, and the external components of magnesium alloy are made of high-precision seam structures. Sealing components are used around the battery compartment, storage card slot cover, and various operation buttons to protect the interior of the camera. The LCD monitor on the back of EOS and 7D adopts a new type of 920000 pixel LCD monitor with a wide viewing angle of 160 ° (up, down, left, right direction) and high definition - "3.0" Clear Display LCD Monitor II ". Its internal structure has also been redeveloped and new technology has been adopted. The 7D body is equipped with dedicated "real-time display/short film shooting switch" and corresponding "start/stop button", and the exposure can be controlled in manual mode during short film shooting. In addition, it can achieve full HD short film shooting at 30/25/24 frames per second and a resolution of 1920 × 1080 pixels. When using high-definition image quality (resolution 1280 × 720 pixels) and standard definition image quality (resolution 640 × 480 pixels), it can shoot at 60/50 frames per second. Editor's viewpoint: The emergence of Canon 7D has once again enriched the camp of APS-C specification DSLRs in the E0S product series. Canon finally has a product that can compete head-on with the Nikon D300 DSLR. And its outstanding performance is highly favored by both photography enthusiasts and professionals. At present, the price is constantly adjusting, and as a highly regarded DSLR, its cost-effectiveness has repeatedly reached new highs. [Reference selling price], set price 12150 yuan, [Contact phone number], 010-82667088, 82667087
Professional grade DSLR DC, Nikon D700 set priced at 27295 Author: Lu Xiaofeng. The Nikon D700 body is based on the D300 and has been slightly modified. It also uses a magnesium alloy shell, chassis, and reflector box, which not only reduces the weight of the body but also has superior durability. The shutter unit developed and manufactured by Nikon has shutter blades made of new materials (composite material of carbon fiber and Kelver). The cyclic testing of the assembled camera shutter proves that the D700 camera's shutter has undergone approximately 150000 tests in extreme environments. Self diagnostic shutter can continuously monitor and maintain the accuracy of the shutter. The Nikon D700 features a 3-inch LCD screen with approximately 920000 pixels and also has a live view function. In handheld mode, the normal TTL phase detection autofocus function will be activated, allowing for the use of 51 autofocus points (including 15 cross autofocus points) to restructure and start actual shooting. The tripod mode utilizes the stability of the tripod to accurately focus on static objects. This mode can achieve focal plane contrast detection AF at desired points within a specified area. In terms of sensitivity, the D700 has a sensitivity range of ISO200-ISO6400, which can be increased to ISO25600 through expansion. On the upper left shoulder of the Nikon D700, there are numerous function control buttons and dials, with three oval buttons controlling image quality, white balance, and sensitivity. Below these three buttons is a mode dial, which can only be turned by pressing the unlock button in front. You can choose modes such as single shot, continuous shooting, and live view through the dial. Similar to D3 and D300, there is also a secondary LCD screen designed on the right shoulder of D700 to display shooting parameters for easy viewing. Behind the shutter button are the MODE mode button and exposure compensation button arranged side by side. Editor's viewpoint: Nikon D700, as a professional DSLR camera, has excellent configuration and strong performance. The current set price offered by the merchant is relatively moderate for a full frame DSLR camera. The advantages of high image quality and no need for lens focal length conversion make this camera highly favored by audiophiles. For professional level players with sufficient budget and a passion for photography, it is a good choice. , [Reference price], 27295 yuan (with ticket), [Contact information], 023-68602718
3MOS sensor DV, Panasonic HS200GK promotion for 6750 yuan Editor's viewpoint: Panasonic HS200 has 80GB of storage space, which can meet the storage needs of most people. The design of the 3MOS photosensitive element ensures color reproduction, and consumers who have a certain demand for this can consider purchasing this model. The current price of the machine is less than 7000 yuan, with a high cost-effectiveness.
Music accompanies you all the way, eight recommended ultra long endurance MP3 players, author: Cao Rui. Chairman Mao said that the body is the capital of revolution, and only with a healthy body can one have the ability to carry out revolution and persist in revolution. Speaking of MP3 players, battery life becomes their capital. Without strong battery life as a guarantee, even the most perfect playback ability will greatly weaken the practicality of the product. Today, the author brings you 8 MP3 players with a minimum battery life of up to 30 hours, including multiple models such as Sony, Samsung, and Iriver. Interested friends can follow them. Samsung YP-Q2 Capacity: 2GB, Price: 588 yuan Editor's Review: Samsung YP-Q2 supports FM radio (recording), MIC voice, TXT e-book, gaming, playback speed adjustment, album cover display, file management, desktop customization and other functions. The Samsung YP-Q2 has a battery life of up to 50 hours for audio playback or 4 hours for video playback. The body volume is 49 × 101 × 9.9mm, and there are two color options for the body: black and white. The new Samsung MP3, YP-Q2, features a 2.4-inch 320 × 240 resolution screen. Q2 supports four audio formats: MP3, WMA, Ogg, and FLAC, and is also equipped with Samsung's latest digital natural sound effects DNSe3.0; Supports WMV and MPEG-4 video formats. In addition, Samsung YP-Q2 has added many functions such as recording, FM radio/recording, e-book reading, gaming, playback speed adjustment, and data broadcasting.
Equipped with 4x optical zoom, the Sony W210 is only sold for 1230 yuan. In terms of appearance, the Sony W210 digital camera features a 2.7-inch TFT LCD screen with approximately 230000 pixels, a silver casing, and a size of approximately 95.2 × 56.5 × 21.8mm. It is stylish, ultra-thin, lightweight, and easy to carry, making it very convenient to use. In terms of configuration, the Sony W210 digital camera adopts a 1/2.3-inch CCD sensor, 12.1 million effective pixels, imaging up to 4000 * 3000 resolution, equipped with BIONZ, Engine image processor, 4x optical zoom, ISO 3200 sensitivity, built-in flash, camera startup time of about 1.8 seconds, aperture F2.8-5.8, electronic stabilization, effectively controlling the blur effect caused by hand shaking or slow shutter speed, which is beneficial for photography enthusiasts to take good pictures. The Sony W210 digital camera can be selected from automatic, child, and adult facial recognition options. Clear raw data noise reduction, supports recording and audio systems, high-definition static photo output, takes about 330 minutes to fully charge the battery, supports 2 or 10 second delayed selfie function, can record videos in MP4 format at 30 frames per second, and also has the function of displaying in multiple languages, expanding the sales market scope. In terms of interface, the Sony W210 digital camera has a USB 2.0 interface and supports MS memory stick, MS, Duo memory stick, MS, Pro HG, Duo memory stick, with a recording capacity of about 15MB and a dedicated lithium battery NP-BG1 for battery life. Editor's review: The Sony W210 card digital camera features a 2.7-inch TFT LCD screen, a lightweight design concept, exquisite color design, and is equipped with popular technology applications such as CCD photosensitive elements, 4x optical zoom, and electronic image stabilization technology. With a low price range of 1000 yuan, it is definitely a temptation for travel enthusiasts and photography enthusiasts. If you like it, you may want to consider it. The price on Sanhao Street is 1230 yuan. , [Brand Model], Sony W210, [Reference Price], 1230 yuan, [Merchant Phone], 024-81627433
The professional grade DSLR DC and Nikon D90 set are priced at 7150 yuan. The scene recognition system also enhances the camera's accuracy in autofocus, auto exposure, and auto white balance under various shooting conditions. The camera sensitivity range is from ISO200 to ISO3200 and can be extended to ISO100 to ISO6400. The D90 also comes with an image sensor dust removal function, which can effectively remove dust that reduces image quality on the sensor's optical low-pass filter. The D90 is equipped with Nikon's new DSLR short film feature, allowing you to shoot short films in 320 ×, 216 pixel, 640 × 424 pixel, or HD720p (1280 × 720 pixel) JPEG format at a smooth speed of approximately 24 frames per second. The sensor of D90 is larger than that of ordinary portable cameras, and even ensures higher image quality, superior low noise, and high ISO sensitivity performance when shooting short videos. Editor's comment: Using the Niccol interchangeable lens can further expand the shooting range, from fisheye lens to wide-angle lens to ultra long distance lens, capturing creative short films or dramatic events in life that move you. , [Contact phone number], 010-82484958
12.1 million effective pixel DC, Canon IXUS 000IS only 2240 [Shaanxi market], Canon IXUS 000IS is Canon's first small digital camera equipped with a 24mm ultra wide angle IS optical anti shake zoom lens, equipped with a 12.1 million effective pixel CCD sensor, using DIGIC, 4 image processors to ensure outstanding image quality. IXUS, 200, IS also has a 5x optical zoom lens and is equipped with DIGIC and 4 image processors. The overall performance is very powerful. Today, I learned from the dealer that the latest selling price of this machine is 2240 yuan. Friends who like it may want to pay attention. In terms of appearance, the size of the IXUS 200IS is 99.9 × 53.4 × 22.9mm. The IXUS 200IS has a noticeably longer body compared to the 990IS, which is due to the change in its LCD display ratio to 16:9. Not only does it meet the visual requirements, but it also provides a more comfortable grip. In addition, the LCD screen of IXUS and 200IS is touch sensitive, which is an upgrade compared to the previous generation camera. The dial design is still retained on the right side, making it very easy to operate. The body color is even more dazzling, with a variety of fashionable colors such as stylish brown, imaginative blue, mysterious purple, and dreamy silver, making owning a color machine no longer exclusive to women. In terms of configuration, Canon IXUS, 200, IS is Canon's first small digital camera equipped with a 24mm ultra wide angle IS optical anti shake zoom lens. It is equipped with a 12.1 million effective pixel CCD sensor and uses DIGIC and 4 image processors to ensure outstanding image quality. The IXUS, 200, IS also features a 5x optical zoom lens with a focal length equivalent to a 35mm camera (24-120mm, maximum aperture F2.8 wide-angle)/5.9 (telephoto). In addition, it also supports "dynamic display" and blink detection functions. The Canon IXUS, 200, IS, equipped with Canon's most advanced DIGIC and 4 image processors, has improved data processing speed and accuracy. It also supports the "Smart AUTO" mode, combining facial priority, noise reduction, motion detection, and scene detection technologies. It can also intelligently judge and analyze the captured image, and choose the appropriate way to shoot. In other aspects, it supports SD, SDHC, MMC, MMCplus, as well as HC and MMCplus memory cards, powered by high-capacity lithium batteries. Editor's comment: The advantages of Canon IXUS, 200, and IS are reflected in three aspects: large zoom, wide angle, and optical stabilization. The benefits of large zoom are self-evident. Generally, a camera lens with a wide angle of 28mm can be called a wide angle, but this camera has a wide angle of 24mm, which means it can accommodate a wider range in the photos taken, making it very convenient to take group photos with others. , [Reference price], 2240 yuan, [Contact information], 029-8553086513389271538
Wear a lightning rod, USB pets are priced at $9.99, trendy and environmentally friendly, and the same goes for digital products. Of course, compatibility is also important. Also, being indestructible is necessary. This thing is the most energy-efficient, environmentally friendly, compatible with the most systems in the world, and the most waterproof, anti-collision, and sand proof technological product in the world. Its name is, USB,Pet,Rock， Price, USD$9.99。 It is a USB pet that can be connected to a computer using a USB interface, and adopts a driverless design that is compatible with any system. It doesn't need you to feed it, caress it, or spend time cultivating a relationship with it. It's very loyal. In fact, whether or not you are connected to a computer, you can caress it, abuse it, and say any sweet words to it, but it will not react, will not glow, and will not respond. Because it is just a stone with no function. If that's the case, why do we have to take it, USB, What about it? Sorry, I really don't know. Anyway, it has so many advantages that it would be foolish not to buy it. Are you right?
Recently, the hottest DSLR camera is the Canon 7D set equipped with accessories (Zhongguancun Online Digital Imaging Market Report). The Canon EOS-7D is a DSLR camera with 18 million pixel imaging capability, 8 frames per second continuous imaging performance, and high-definition camera function. This DSLR entered the market at the end of September and has become one of the most popular DSLR models since its launch. Today, the author learned in the market that the latest price for a 7D camera set equipped with an 18-135mm anti shake lens, along with the original package, 4GB high-speed card, spare battery, Kengo UV lens, high-definition protective film, high-speed card reader, and cleaning kit, is 12480 yuan. The EOS 7D achieves a continuous shooting speed of up to approximately 8 frames per second with high image quality of around 18 million effective pixels. And it is equipped with many new functions such as high-speed intelligent autofocus system. EOS and 7D not only achieve an effective pixel count of approximately 18 million, but also achieve fine image representation with low noise. The CMOS image sensor it is equipped with is a product independently developed and produced by Canon. At the same time as improving pixel sensitivity, improvements were made to the transistors within the pixel to achieve a higher S/N (signal-to-noise) ratio. The commonly used ISO sensitivity for 7D is 100-6400, and the maximum extended ISO sensitivity is 12800. Image signal transmission is achieved by high-speed reading of a single channel sequence while using 8 channels for high-speed reading. Compared to EOS and 50D, it is about 1.3 times faster and achieves high-speed continuous shooting of about 8 frames per second. In addition, corresponding comprehensive dust removal measures have been taken for sensor dust generated during lens replacement, mirror and shutter movements; At the same time, it is also equipped with the "EOS Comprehensive Dust Removal System" that can remove dust from both camera hardware and accompanying software, which is very thoughtful in terms of dust removal function. The shutter unit and body cover are made of special materials that are not prone to debris; Even if dust accidentally enters, ultrasonic waves can vibrate the low-pass filter at the front of the image sensor to shake off the dust. The surface of the low-pass filter has been treated with a fluorine coating, which has a good dust removal effect on both high viscosity dust that is difficult to remove and damp dust. The dual DIGIC and 4 digital image processors enable rapid and high-precision processing of massive data with approximately 18 million pixels, which is read out at high speed from the image sensor through 8 channels. Equipped with 2 high-performance digital image processors DIGIC, 4, it can perform parallel processing on various data, and even with about 18 million effective pixels, it can achieve high-speed image processing of up to 8 frames per second continuous shooting. The EOS and 7D are equipped with up to 19 automatic focusing points, and the focusing accuracy of each focusing point has been improved. All 19 focus points are equipped with cross shaped autofocus sensors corresponding to the F5.6 beam. The horizontal line type autofocus sensor used for detecting vertical lines is arranged in a cross shape with the vertical line type autofocus sensor used for detecting horizontal lines, thereby achieving high subject capture capability. The central focus point is equipped with a cross shaped autofocus sensor with higher precision for the F2.8 beam in the oblique direction relative to the F5.6 beam cross shaped autofocus sensor. Through the collaborative work of the central eight directional double cross autofocus sensor, high-speed and high-precision focusing has been achieved. The artificial intelligence servo autofocus function for tracking subjects has also undergone significant evolution on EOS and 7D. The optical viewfinder of EOS and 7D has a field of view of about 100% and a magnification of about 1x (100%), as well as a 29.4 ° viewing angle and a 22mm eye point. Its optical performance is also among the top in the history of EOS DSLR cameras. The range observed through an optical viewfinder with a field of view of about 100% is basically consistent with the actual shooting range, thus enabling very accurate composition. In addition, the EOS and 7D are equipped with an "intelligent information display optical viewfinder" with a backlit LCD panel in the optical viewfinder, which can display grid lines and 3D electronic levels on the focusing screen. The body shell of EOS and 7D is made of magnesium alloy material that is lightweight, highly rigid, and has electromagnetic shielding effect. The surface coating adopts the same coating material and process as the top-level EOS-1D series in EOS digital SLR cameras. In addition, EOS and 7D also have waterproof and dustproof structures, and the external components of magnesium alloy are made of high-precision seam structures. Sealing components are used around the battery compartment, storage card slot cover, and various operation buttons to protect the interior of the camera. The LCD monitor on the back of EOS and 7D adopts a new type of 920000 pixel LCD monitor with a wide viewing angle of 160 ° (up, down, left, right direction) and high definition - "3.0" Clear Display LCD Monitor II ". Its internal structure has also been redeveloped and new technology has been adopted. The 7D body is equipped with dedicated "real-time display/short film shooting switch" and corresponding "start/stop button", and the exposure can be controlled in manual mode during short film shooting. In addition, it can achieve full HD short film shooting at 30/25/24 frames per second and a resolution of 1920 × 1080 pixels. When using high-definition image quality (resolution 1280 × 720 pixels) and standard definition image quality (resolution 640 × 480 pixels), it can shoot at 60/50 frames per second. Editor's viewpoint: The emergence of Canon 7D has once again enriched the camp of APS-C specification DSLRs in the E0S product series. Canon finally has a product that can compete head-on with the Nikon D300 DSLR. And its outstanding performance is highly favored by both photography enthusiasts and professionals. At present, the price is constantly adjusting, and as a highly regarded DSLR, its cost-effectiveness has repeatedly reached new highs.
24mm wide-angle anti shake lens, Leica D-LUX4 priced at 7400 Author: Chen Liang Leica D-LUX, 4 is very close to Panasonic LX3 digital camera. From the appearance, D-LUX, Compared to its predecessor D-LUX, the changes in 3 are not significant. The size is 108.7x59.5x27.1mm and the weight is 265 grams. The biggest change is that its LCD screen has been upgraded to 3 inches with 460000 pixels, which is believed to improve the framing effect. At the same time, in order to meet the needs of professional players, Panasonic has specially prepared an external optical viewfinder and a flash hot shoe socket. D-LUX, 4. Adopting the latest developed 1/1.63-inch 10 megapixel CCD with a maximum resolution of 3648x2736; According to official sources, it has increased saturation by 35%, and together, it provides a sensitivity 40% higher than traditional ISO sensitivity. Significant improvements have been made to the lens section: the D-LUX is equipped with Leica's DC, VARIO-SUMMICRON, 2.5x optical zoom lens, and OIS image stabilization system. The actual physical focal length is 5.1-12.8mm, which is converted to a traditional focal length of 24-60mm, with an aperture range of f/2.0 (wide-angle) - f/2.8 (telephoto). There has been a significant improvement in both focal length and maximum aperture. The new lens consists of 8 6-group lenses and 4 non spherical lenses, providing high resolution and minimal distortion and color difference performance. D-LUX, 4 also has multi area autofocus systems such as facial recognition and target tracking. ISO sensitivity ranges from 100 to 3200, and can reach ISO 6400 in high sensitivity mode. Similar to its predecessor D-LUX, 3, D-LUX, 4 offers 24 scene modes for users to choose from. In addition to these automatic modes, there is also a manual aperture/shutter priority mode that is suitable for creative users. last, D-LUX, 4 supports SD (SDHC) memory card storage and also provides 50MB of memory. The power comes from a 3.7V, 1150mAh dedicated lithium-ion battery, which can take 380 consecutive photos according to CIPA standards. Editor's viewpoint: Although the price of Leica D-LUX4 has decreased significantly during this period. But the price of 7400 yuan is still too high for ordinary consumers, with the Panasonic LX3, which has similar performance, priced at only 3600 yuan. This Leica wide-angle digital camera is only a choice for photography enthusiasts. , [Reference price], 7400 yuan, [Contact phone number], 010-82672760
The perfect time to purchase a fashionable DC, buy Sony W220 and get cash back [Yunnan IT Help You, www.ynit580. com] SONY, W220 not only has a stylish exterior design, but also comes with a 4x optical zoom anti shake lens with an equivalent focal length of 30-120mm, which can capture high-quality images. In addition, if you purchase now, you can also receive a cash refund of 150 yuan, which is very valuable. The Sony W220 offers four color options for its appearance: silver, black, blue, and pink. It uses a 2.7-inch, 230000 pixel screen and the camera supports Sony's facial recognition feature, which has child first/adult first presets, allowing for better focusing effects. Meanwhile, the support of optical image stabilization technology and the adoption of BIONZ and Engine processors have enabled Sony W220 to compete with numerous cameras without falling behind. W220: A 1/2.3-inch Sony Super with an effective pixel count of 12.1 million, HAD image sensor. On the lens, the W220 is equipped with a 4x optical zoom lens with an equivalent focal length of 30-120mm, which basically covers the practical focal range from wide-angle to mid-range. The maximum aperture of this lens is F2.8 (wide-angle) and F5.8 (telephoto) and has been certified by Carl Zeiss. The back of the Sony W220 features a 2.7-inch, 230000 pixel LCD, which has made significant improvements in clarity and size compared to the 2.5-inch, 115000 pixel LCD used in the previous W120. Unlike many cameras with the same positioning, the Sony W220 does not use a small capacity battery, and the standard NP-BG1 can be used interchangeably across all new cameras in the W series. The battery has a capacity of 910mAh and a voltage of 3.6V. After a full charge, it can support W220 to complete more than 210 shooting tasks. It can be seen that in terms of battery capacity, the Sony W220 is still very "massive". One sentence review: Fashionable appearance, powerful performance, discounted sales with higher cost-effectiveness. Sony, W220, digital camera
The flagship camera with a large aperture, Panasonic LX3, has a single camera capacity of less than 3K (Zhongguancun Online Digital Camera Market Report). The Panasonic digital camera LX3GK uses a 1/1.63-inch CCD sensor and a 24mm ultra wide angle zoom lens with a maximum aperture of F2.0. It uses Venus, Engine, and IV image processors, with a maximum pixel count of 11.3 million, and can capture images with a resolution of 3648 × 2736. Some merchants have quoted 2980 yuan for this model. Editor's viewpoint: The Panasonic LX3GK performs well in terms of performance, with a large-sized 1/1.63-inch CCD sensor, a 24mm ultra wide angle zoom lens, optical image stabilization and tracking focus functions, and a 3.0-inch 460000 pixel LCD screen. The display effect is excellent, making it a true king of portable device performance.
Equipped with 5x optical zoom, the Sony W290 is only sold for 1600 yuan. The appearance of the Sony W290 still continues the classic W-series style, and the all metal design of the housing is more noble. The front panel of the camera adopts a thread like treatment, which not only makes the camera body more textured, but also has better anti slip performance. The body size of W290 is 97.6 × 56.6 × 22.6, mm， The weight is about 164.0, g， There are four colors to choose from: brown, black, silver, and blue. The back of the device is equipped with a 3.0-inch 230000 pixel TFT and LCD display screen, without using a high-definition LCD screen. The display accuracy is slightly inferior, but the display effect is still good. The Sony W290 adopts a 1/2.3-inch Super, HAD, CCD sensor, 12.1 million effective pixels, and is equipped with a 5x optical zoom with a 28mm wide-angle Carl Zeiss telescopic lens, with a maximum resolution of 4000 × 3000. Combined with the 28mm wide-angle function, its equivalent focal length reaches 28-140mm, which has a good performance in capturing landscape buildings. Simultaneously supporting high-definition video shooting with a maximum resolution of 1280 × 720 and a speed of 30fps, it is commendable that the shooting time can reach up to 29 minutes. However, the Sony W290's macro shooting is not satisfactory, with the strongest being only 10cm, making it difficult to capture small objects. However, the Sony W290 also supports rich shooting functions such as smiling shutter, intelligent scene recognition mode, and dual anti shake function. The overall performance is good and practical for home users. Editor's review: The Sony W290's 28mm wide-angle, 720p high-definition video shooting, and 5x light conversion are its mainstream highlights. It has comprehensive functions and is very suitable for home users. Moreover, Sony's appearance has always been very fashionable, and the cost-effectiveness of this model is currently very good, with a very affordable price of 1600 yuan. , [Reference price], 1600 yuan, [Contact information], 0731-82275397
The rounded exterior design is elegant yet dynamic, featuring a ZEN patented user interface for flexible and convenient operation.   ZEN, V, 4G (China Special Edition) is worth having. Innovation ZEN, V not only has its own strengths in appearance compared to iPod and Nano, but also surpasses iPod and Nano in terms of functionality, sound quality, and price. Nano, also known as iPod at the time, was Nano's biggest competitor, which truly lived up to its name. The launch of the innovative ZEN and V also provides us with another good choice besides iPod and Nano. Currently, this product is only priced at 199 yuan (4G), and friends who like it can buy it now. 260000 color 1.5-inch OLED color screen: With up to 260000 color OLED screens, video or image playback can be viewed from different angles, with always bright and vivid picture quality. The special screen scratch resistant design eliminates the need to worry about the "merciless traces of time" appearing on her "face". Five dimensional joystick: The ergonomically designed five dimensional joystick allows you to easily control various functions of the player without moving your fingers. Nearly a thousand pictures: Forget about your bulky photo album, ZEN, V, 4G (China Special Edition) allows you to carry nearly a thousand pictures with you in such a small volume. Through the USB 2.0 interface, you can easily drag photos into it. The slideshow display method makes browsing photos more comfortable. 2000 songs: It can store 2000 songs and easily record the content of any audio source directly through the Line In interface. You no longer need to use a computer to record your favorite music to your player at any time! One click voice recording: You can use the built-in microphone and voice recording function to capture inspiration and record reminders anytime, anywhere. Of course, recording speeches and conferences is also not a problem. Convenient mobile storage: USB 2.0 transfer, can be used as a non driver mobile storage, allowing for instant transfer of music or data files. Editor's comment: Do you always forget appointments? Don't worry, ZEN, V, 4G (China Special Edition) has PDA like address book, calendar, and notepad functions, so you no longer have to worry about forgetting important moments. Four way rotating screen: turn left, turn right?   Product information: Innovation, ZEN, V Today's quotation: 199 yuan
Set up 18-200 lenses! Canon 50D set for 10200 yuan [Shandong IT Online Report] On November 30, 2009, the price of Canon EOS, 50D with 18-200 lens set at the merchant "Jinan Rainbow Creation" has slightly decreased, only selling for 10200 yuan, and can also enjoy a two-year warranty. Canon EOS, 50D is a mid-range digital SLR camera with a 15 megapixel imaging capability, utilizing Canon's latest DIGIC, 4 image processors, and a 3-inch 920000 pixel screen. Canon EOS, 50D uses a 15.1 million effective pixel CMOS image sensor, a new generation DIGIC, 4 digital image processors, ISO sensitivity settings up to ISO100-3200, and expandable settings up to ISO12800; The camera is equipped with a 3.0-inch, 920000 point resolution wide-angle anti reflection clear display LCD. The Canon EOS 50D uses the latest 3.0-inch LCD monitor with a resolution of 920000 dots. The EOS 50D optical viewfinder provides clear and comfortable viewing effects, using an eye level pentaprism. Its field of view coverage is about 95%, magnification is about 0.95 times, and viewing angle is about 26.4 °. In addition to the randomly configured standard focusing screen, photographers can choose a grid line focusing screen or an ultra-fine frosted focusing screen. The Canon EOS has a 50D shutter lifespan of approximately 100000 times, a maximum shutter speed of 1/8000 second, and a flash sync speed of 1/250 second. The EOS 50D provides a dedicated HDMI interface on its body for connecting to high-definition televisions. By using the optional HDMI cable HTC-100 to connect the camera and television, you can watch photos on a full HD television with a resolution of 1920 × 1080 pixels and experience a brand new journey of imaging.
The stylish and compact card camera, Olympus μ 1070, has been reduced to 1299. We have received news from Guangzhou Pacific merchants that the Olympus u1070 is currently on sale, and the latest price has been lowered to 1299 yuan, with a significant increase in cost-effectiveness. Friends who need to purchase a fashionable card camera are worth paying attention to. Editor's review: The Olympus U1070 has a standard configuration, but its colorful slide body and excellent portability are extremely eye-catching. The added beauty features are also very practical, which is very suitable for women who are not sensitive to performance but value appearance and selfie effects. Friends who like it may want to pay attention to this new product. , [Reference price]: Olympus μ 10701299 yuan (reduced price), [Consultation phone]: 020-8753391187510799
Hard disk high-definition camera, Sony XR100E drops to 4850 Author: Chen Liang Beijing market, Sony XR100E is a hard disk high-definition camera equipped with "Exmor" CMOS image sensor and "BIONZ" image processor. The "Exmor" CMOS sensor features advanced backlighting technology, significantly improving sensitivity under low light conditions. Combined with Sony's advanced built-in column A/D conversion technology and dual noise reduction technology, it greatly reduces noise. The ClearVid crystal array also enriches the details of capturing high-definition dynamic images and high-resolution static images, presenting high-resolution, high-sensitivity, and high-definition images. Today, the author learned from the dealer that the price of the Sony XR100E standalone standard has been adjusted to 4850 yuan. At present, some unscrupulous merchants in the market disguise smuggled Sony cameras as genuine goods for sale, deceiving consumers to make huge profits. Consumers are advised to pay attention when making purchases. Parallel imported products cannot obtain the manufacturer's warranty service. After purchasing Sony imaging products in Zhongguancun area, you can go to the Sony repair center on the underground second floor of Dinghao Mall to confirm whether they are genuine licensed products. Compared to the previous Sony hard drive DV, the XR series products now have larger storage space. The XR100E is equipped with an 80GB hard drive, which can meet users' long-term shooting needs.   Dynamic and static images can be hard copied to a memory stick without the need for a computer. Editor's viewpoint: As a high-definition hard drive camera, the Sony XR100E has a large capacity to meet the needs of long-term shooting, while the HDD drop protection function makes the data of the hard drive camera more stable and secure. At present, the price is relatively reasonable and can be considered as a representative of high cost-effectiveness among cameras. , [Reference price], 4850 yuan, [Contact phone number], 010-82672760
The Pentax K-7, equipped with an 18-250mm lens, is a DSLR camera with a 14.6-megapixel imaging capability, including body stabilization, 720P high-definition camera, 3-inch 920000 pixel LCD screen, and many other features. It is also currently the highest level DSLR product from Pentax. The large zoom ratio lens with a focal length range of 18-2xxmm has always been popular among novice photography enthusiasts, with focal lengths ranging from wide-angle to telephoto. Moreover, it is affordable and compact in size, making it an ideal choice for many DSLR users to take photos while traveling. Today, I saw in the market that some merchants are selling the Pentax K7 standalone camera with the Tenglong 18-250mm lens, priced at 9500 yuan including invoice. The 77 block segmentation multi zone metering system developed specifically for K-7 greatly improves the accuracy of metering. By accurately analyzing a large amount of data transmitted from camera sensors, the system greatly improves the accuracy of exposure control. The K-7 has the SR (Shake, Reduction) mechanism developed by Pentax, which can effectively compensate for the adverse effects of image shake. It can achieve compensation for shutter speeds ranging from 2.5 to 4 levels, ensuring sharp and non blurry images even under harsh shooting conditions. The new SAFOX, VIII+wide area autofocus system of K-7 has 11 autofocus points (the middle 9 points are cross shaped autofocus points). The K-7 has added a brand new video recording function, allowing video clips to be shot in different sizes -640, x, 416 pixels, 1536, x, 1024 pixels, or 1280 pixels, x, 720 (16:9, high-definition TV ratio) - all at 30 frames per second. The K-7 is also equipped with an HDMI high-definition output terminal and an external microphone input terminal. The K-7 uses a 3.0-inch color LCD screen with approximately 920000 dots. The wide-angle design allows photographers to view the screen from an angle of approximately 170 degrees, making it easier to use Live and View functions for shooting from low and high angle positions. Editor's viewpoint: Pentax SLR cameras have always been a representative of cost-effective imaging products, and this new model K-7 is no exception. It offers flagship level performance at a mid-range price. At present, the mainstream functions in the DSLR field can be found on the K-7. With the gradual decrease in the price of K7, the following filmmakers have started to take action. Pentax, K7 [reference price], 9500 yuan (set) [recommended merchant], Youlian Digital [merchant address], Room 970, 9th Floor, Zhongguancun E-World Wealth Center, Phone: 010-82672760, 82675803. [Quotation inquiry], digital camera product quotation, Pentax product quotation
With 12.2 million effective pixels, the Nikon S640 is only sold for 2100 yuan. Compared to its predecessor S620, the Nikon S640 has a more rugged corner design in terms of appearance. The body has been reduced in weight, with a thickness of 20.5mm and a weight of 110g, making it highly portable. The body is still equipped with a 2.7-inch 230000 pixel screen, which is the mainstream configuration among machines of the same type. In terms of configuration, the device has increased its optical zoom capability to 5 times, with a 0.7 second quick start function and a shorter shutter lag time, which is indeed a very practical feature for users who can easily take photos. However, other important parameters such as the 12.2 million effective pixel CCD sensor, optical stabilization, 28mm wide-angle and 2cm macro configurations have not changed compared to the previous S620. As a new device, it is somewhat disappointing, but it can only be said that its practical performance is balanced. Editor's comment: This model has a slim and rugged appearance, but it doesn't have much advantage inside except for a 5x light change and a practical quick start. At present, the price of this machine is 2100 yuan, and there is still some room for price. , [Reference Price], 2100, [Contact Information], 0871-5127732
The imaging differences are significant. The Olympus E-P2 and Panasonic GF1 were officially released in China at the same time, and the differences in configuration between these two new models are not too significant. First, let's take a look at the E-P2. Its appearance is roughly the same as the E-P1, except that the hot shoe position on the top of the machine is higher than that of the E-P1. This is because the E-P2 has added a data port for an external electronic viewfinder VF-2, which is also an important upgrade of the E-P2. The Panasonic GF1 is already the third MICRO, 4/3 system camera launched by Panasonic after the G1 and GH1. However, the GF1 is completely different from the previous two products in terms of external dimensions. Due to its relatively smaller size (similar to the E-P2), the GF1 quickly became a popular model after its release. In addition to being able to connect an external electronic viewfinder, GF1 also features a built-in flash design, which E-P1/E-P2 does not have. Although they are both MICRO and 4/3 systems, their imaging styles are different. The following will compare them through real-life photos. And this comparison will be completed using Olympus' M.ZUIKO, DIGITAL, 17mm, F2.8 lenses and Panasonic's LUMIX, G, 20mm, F1.7, ASPH biscuit lenses. Landscape Sample Comparison (E-P2,+, M.ZUIKO, DIGITAL, 17mm, F2.8), (GF1,+, M.ZUIKO, DIGITAL, 17mm, F2.8) (E-P2,/, LUMIX, G, 20mm, F1.7, ASPH.), (GF1,/, LUMIX, G, 20mm, F1.7, ASPH.) (E-P2,+, M.ZUIKO, DIGITAL, 17mm, F2.8), (GF1,+, M.ZUIKO, DIGITAL, 17mm, F2.8) (E-P2,+, LUMIX, G, 20mm, F1.7, ASPH.), (GF1,+, LUMIX, G, 20mm, F1.7, ASPH.)
With a 3x optical zoom lens, the Fuji J26 is only sold for 820 yuan. In terms of appearance design, the Fuji J26 is more fashionable than its predecessor. It has an ultra-thin body of only 20mm and a variety of different shell colors to choose from according to your preferences. The J26's body shell adopts a unique double-layer painting process, making it more beautiful and glossy. The Fuji J26 digital camera uses a Fujiron telescopic lens that supports 3x optical zoom and 5.7x digital zoom in its configuration settings. The focal length range is 32-96mm, and the closest distance for macro photography is 10cm. The J26 is equipped with a 10 megapixel CCD sensor, a 2.7-inch 230000 pixel LCD display, intelligent scene recognition function, and facial priority technology with automatic red eye correction function. The sensitivity supports ISO, 100-3200. In addition, a practical panoramic function has been added. And all these comprehensive functions are loaded into the ultra-thin and compact fashionable body. J26 is one of the first Fujifilm J series digital cameras to be equipped with panoramic mode function. Its panoramic mode can automatically seamlessly stitch up to three consecutive shots into one photo, creating visually impactful panoramic effects. Editor's review: The compact body of the Fuji J26 digital camera is suitable for players to carry around, with 10.2 million effective pixels and 3x optical zoom function, which is more than enough for general daily use. Interested friends may want to pay attention to it.
The stylish home card machine, Kodak C140, is only sold for 489 yuan. The Kodak C140 features a silver body, which is relatively inconspicuous compared to many stylish and beautiful card machines currently available. The Kodak C140 does not come with the mainstream 10 megapixel CCD, but with 8.2 million effective pixels, it is no different for your daily photography and printing photos. Of course, it can also capture 640X480 videos at 30 frames per second. Editor's comment: Although the pixel level of Kodak C140 only remains at 8.2 million, slightly different from mainstream cameras, as a home camera, a price below 500 yuan can be considered very cheap. , [Reference price]: Kodak C140489 yuan, [Seller]: JD.com
Supporting high-definition video function, the Nikon D90 is priced at 6300 yuan. The Nikon D90 DSLR camera is equipped with a 23.6 × 15.8mm CMOS sensor and uses RGB original color filters. Equipped with 12.3 million pixels of imaging capability, fully manual function, supporting photo shooting with a maximum resolution of 4288 × 2848, and built-in EXPEED image processor. Adopting B shutter and electronically controlled longitudinal focal plane shutter. Supports external flash, SB series, and PC terminals. Support remote control anti shake function, dust prevention and facial recognition, and live view function. The sensitivity can be extended to ISO6400. Support high-definition video function. The shooting effect is clear, with bright and full colors. The professional quality is obvious. Using dedicated rechargeable lithium batteries, EN-EL3e， It can take 1000 photos and has good battery life. The Nikon D90 camera adopts a black tone throughout, which is more stable and introverted. Moreover, the exterior lines of the device are clear and the texture is very delicate, providing a better handheld feel. Equipped with a 3-inch 920000 pixel TFT LCD screen, with a 95% field of view. Using an optical viewfinder for clear framing. The Nikon D90 camera supports SD card, SDHC card, compressed NEF (RAW): 12 bit compression, JPEG Baseline standard, compression ratios: FINE (1/4), NORMAL (1/8), BASIC (1/16) formats. Provides USB, 2.0 interface, DC, in interface, HDMI output interface. Convenient for users to connect to digital entertainment. Editor's review: Nikon D90 is a very professional DSLR digital camera with clear imaging and high-definition video function. It adopts full manual operation and is priced at 6300 yuan by Sanhao Street merchants. Friends in need may consider it. , [Brand and Model], Nikon D90, [Reference Price], 6300 yuan, [Merchant Phone], 024-81627433
It is as tough as you are, Casio G1 outdoor photography experience. You may worry that in outdoor environments, thorns, sand and dust flying horizontally, and sharp rocks may also be the nemesis of precision equipment such as cameras. However, as we have introduced in the article "Seismic and Waterproof, Casio Three proof Camera G1 Overview", Casio G1 has strong seismic and dustproof performance through special material applications and structural design. Therefore, we can bring it with us when hiking or climbing outdoors to record those potentially different images together. Here are some samples taken by Casio G1:
A stylish and portable telephoto camera, the Canon SX200IS is only 2130SX200. The IS uses a 12.1-megapixel 1/2.3-inch CCD sensor, which can output 4000 × 3000 images. It has a built-in DIGIC and 4 image engines, making the imaging quality and processing speed more perfect. The Canon SX200 and IS are equipped with a 28-336mm 12x variable lens, with a maximum aperture value of F3.4-5.3, supporting 0cm macro shooting, optical stabilization, and ISO 80-1600 adjustable sensitivity. To meet the different needs of users, the Canon SX200 and IS have prepared a simple mode and also provide exposure modes such as P program, Tv shutter priority, Av aperture priority, and M manual, greatly enhancing the creative space during shooting. In addition, the Canon SX200 and IS support high-definition video recording up to 1280 × 720 and 30 frames per second, with a 3.0-inch 230000 pixel display screen on the back of the machine. Editor's viewpoint: The Canon SX200 and IS have a variety of shooting methods, high pixel output, and excellent lens performance. The price of just over 2K is indeed very tempting. Product information: Canon SX200, IS, today's quotation: 2130 yuan (Hong Kong version), contact phone: 020-34110719
Professional grade DSLR camera, Sony Alpha 330 set only available for 3390. Sony A330 and A230 both adopt professional body design and lightweight body, equipped with body stabilization function, new icon style menu, and camera built-in help guide. The Sony A330 is equipped with a 23.6 × 15.8mm CCD sensor, with an effective pixel count of approximately 10.2 million pixels. It has a 2.7-inch TFT foldable screen that can be flipped up to 135 degrees and down to 55 degrees, with approximately 230000 pixels, and can be used for real-time viewing. Its shutter speed is 1/4000-30 seconds, with a B-gate and a sensitivity of up to ISO3200. This machine has a fast AF live view function and also has a smart zoom function. Its circumference is about 128.0 × 97.0 × 71.4mm, and its weight is about 490 grams. The Sony A230 is also equipped with a 23.6x15.8mm CCD sensor and has dust-proof function. In terms of screen, it is equipped with a 2.7-inch TFT screen and uses a 9-point autofocus system. The sensitivity range is ISO100-3200, with a shutter speed of 1/4000 second to 30 seconds, and a B-gate,. Its circumference is about 128.0x97.0x67.5mm and its weight is about 450 grams. Editor's comment: Sony DSLRs mostly provide good choices for beginners, while A330 has a higher positioning and more comprehensive functions, while A230 has a lower positioning and users can choose according to their own needs. Overall, the Sony A330 has a comprehensive range of features and is a good choice for home users. Product information: Sony A330 (set), today's quotation: 3390 yuan, contact phone: 010-8253989015311110600
The Canon IXUS, 95, IS is a card style digital camera with imaging capabilities of millions of pixels and a 3x optical zoom anti shake lens. Today, the author saw in the market that the standalone price of this card machine is only 1350 yuan, which is very cost-effective. Currently, there are red and blue options for everyone to choose from, and the merchant has 10 units. Consumers who like it can consult the dealer. The brand new "Smart AUTO" mode (Smart Automatic Shooting Mode), with the powerful support of the upgraded DIGIC and 4 image processors, integrates four technologies: facial priority, noise reduction, motion detection, and scene detection. This allows the camera to intelligently judge and analyze the captured image at any time in the "Smart AUTO" mode, and select a relatively suitable shooting method. At the same time, it optimizes the captured image, improving the usability of the camera. Editor's viewpoint: As the latest product of the most popular IXUS card camera, IXUS, 95, IS has mainstream performance configuration, classic body shape that conforms to public aesthetics, and relatively low market price. Its excellent cost-effectiveness will definitely make it a star product in the digital camera market in 2009.
Taipower's new 4.3-inch high-definition screen, 4GB, priced at only 299 yuan. Taipower C430 has a brand new white ABS precision lightweight body, with a frosted surface that is not sticky with dust. The overall design is simple and stylish. Equipped with a 4.3-inch 480 × 272 resolution TF LCD screen and a brand new T7200 second-generation high-definition decoding chip, it can live stream RMVB high-definition videos with a resolution of 1366 × 768P. It also supports more than 16 video encoding and formats such as MKV, H.264, VOB, MP4, WMV, AVI, FLV, DIVX, XVID, etc. The listing price is only 4GB/299 yuan. At the same time, the Taipower C430 has added 720P high-definition video output with color difference, infrared remote control operation, and can be connected to a TV for playback, making it convenient for you to share with your family and friends. The Taipower C430 fully supports OTG technology and can read files and videos from USB storage devices such as USB flash drives/portable hard drives through the included OTG cable.
In terms of appearance, the Patriot F100 adopts a dazzling style design with four different color options: red, coffee, silver, and pink. The square and flat panel is equipped with a flash, lens, and metering light at once. The body size of the machine is 96 × 60 × 17.2mm, with a body weight of 110g, making it very convenient to carry. The back of the body uses a 2.7-inch 230000 pixel high brightness LCD screen, with delicate display effects, built-in multiple shooting modes, and intelligent selfie mode, all of which are very practical functions. The unique panoramic shooting function also makes up for the lack of wide-angle, and even achieves ultra wide angle effect. In terms of configuration, the Patriot F100 uses a 1/2.3-inch CCD sensor with an effective pixel count of 10.2 million. It adopts TTL autofocus and can capture photos with a maximum resolution of 3648 × 2736, achieving a maximum aperture value of 3.0-5.6, a shutter time of 2-1/2000 seconds, a sensitivity up to ISO1600, and a 5cm macro shooting ability. In addition, the Patriot F100 also has practical functions such as mainstream smiling face shutter and facial recognition. The intelligent anti shake function can easily switch the anti shake mode with a single button for easy shooting, even in low light conditions, clear photos can be taken. It is worth mentioning that it also supports video shooting with a resolution of 640 × 480. In terms of storage, this camera has 32MB of built-in memory and supports SD/SDHC card expansion, with a maximum support of 16GB. Editor's review: The Patriot F100 inherits the panoramic shooting function that Patriot pioneered in 2009, as well as the intelligent selfie mode function. Patriot has always focused on the home market, with a relatively high cost performance ratio. This 10 megapixel machine with telephoto function is currently on sale for 799 yuan, which is very cheap. Friends who like it should hurry up and try it out or visit the merchant to experience it. , [Reference quotation], 799 yuan, [Contact information], 13883771118
Another 200 yuan reduction! Professional high-definition recording of Sony HD1000C [Shandong IT Online Report] On December 10, 2009, the price of Sony HVR-HD1000C on the merchant "Jinan Yuncheng Technology" was 10700 yuan, with a decrease of 200 yuan. The Sony HVR-HD1000C is a shoulder mounted high-definition camera with a 3.2 megapixel imaging capability, positioned as a quasi professional level photography equipment. The Sony HVR-HD1000C digital high-definition camera adopts a shoulder mounted design and uses the same black frosted body as professional cameras. Compared with ordinary household digital cameras, it looks more professional. The Sony HVR-HD1000C camera uses the latest generation of sensors -1/3-inch ClearVid, CMOS, and enhanced image processor TM (EIP), which can produce high-quality images. Moreover, due to the use of CMOS technology, bright objects will not cause vertical trailing phenomenon. The Sony HVR-HD1000C adopts Carl Zeiss, Vario Sonner, T * TM 10x optical zoom lens, which can adapt to various shooting environments. At the same time, the Super and SteadyShotTM optical image stabilization system uses the method of moving optical lenses to maintain image stability without sacrificing image quality. The viewfinder is equipped with a 2.7-inch LCD screen that can rotate freely, making it easy to view the shooting scene. Meanwhile, the director can also conveniently review the shots taken by the cameraman through it. The lens section of Sony HVR-HD1000C is equipped with a special camera control ring. It can be assigned to focus, zoom, aperture, shutter speed, auto exposure conversion, and white balance conversion, which users can easily adjust.
Paired with an 18-135mm lens, the Canon 50D kit comes with a 4GB card (Zhongguancun Online Digital Camera Market Report). The Canon EOS, 50D is a mid-range DSLR camera with a 15 megapixel imaging capability and a DIGIC, 4 image processor. Its excellent picture quality performance and good body performance have made it a popular DSLR in the current market. Today, the author learned in the market that the Canon 50D kit, which includes an EF-S and 18-135mm anti shake lens, is priced at 8900 yuan when paired with a 4GB memory card and a photography bag. Editor's viewpoint: The Canon 50D, paired with the original large zoom anti shake lens, has good versatility and can adapt to various subject matter photo shoots. Users who want to go global with a mirror can consider this product combination. Canon, EOS, 50D set [reference price], 8900 yuan free package and card [merchant name], Jiada Digital [merchant address], Room A8009, Block A, Dinghao Building, Phone: 010-62604658, 62604175. [Quotation inquiry], digital camera product quotation, Canon product quotation
To lock in love for you, the Patriot PM5927 is only sold for 799 yuan. Author: Cao Rui. The Patriot PM5927 has four optional exterior colors, with a unique crescent inlaid design on the left side of the front of the body, and a unique crescent "love key" on the side. As long as the key is gently embedded and emits a blue glow, it can be locked with one click. This new phone from Patriot has been endowed with deeper emotional significance, and its current market price is 8GB/799 yuan. For inquiries, please call 1391057312515010020264. Patriot PM5927 Capacity: 8GB, Price: 799 yuan Editor's Review: The Love Key PM5927 has four optional exterior colors. The left side of the front of the body has a unique crescent inlaid design, and the side is equipped with a unique crescent "Love Key". As long as the key is gently embedded and emits a blue glare, it can be locked with one click, locking your Moonlight Treasure Box, locking your love, and locking the eternal vow of "loving you for ten thousand years". The Moonlight Box PM5927 adopts a 4.3-inch 16 million color, LTPS low-temperature polycrystalline silicon display screen with a resolution of 800 × 480. Supports up to 1080i color difference component output, 720P high-definition decoding, and supports playback in MP3, WMA, and FLAC formats. Long press the M key during music playback to enter the music settings interface, where multiple modes such as playback mode, EQ mode, sound field mode, and bass can be adjusted. Patriot PM5927, [reference quotation], 8GB/799 yuan, [consultation phone], 13910573125
The overall redemption of funds in the first quarter (Reporter Shao Zehui) -444 funds from 59 fund companies have completed the disclosure of their 2009 first quarter reports today. According to statistics from Tianxiang Investment Advisory, in the first quarter of 2009, the total income of all funds (including QDII) for this period was 296.183 billion yuan. Except for QDII funds, all other types of funds have achieved profits. As the net asset value of the fund rebounded, the overall fund experienced redemptions. Statistics show that funds significantly increased their holdings in the first quarter, with an average stock position of 75.34% for all funds, an increase of over 8 percentage points from the end of last year. Moreover, stock funds have transformed from large loss making entities in 2008 to "money making machines", earning a total of 211.182 billion yuan for investors, compared to a loss of 109.067 billion yuan in the previous quarter. The mixed fund made a profit of 83.926 billion yuan, while the previous quarter lost 35.977 billion yuan. The principal guaranteed fund also achieved a profit of 287 million yuan. Due to the slower recovery of overseas markets compared to the A-share market, QDII funds still incurred a loss of 139 million yuan in the first quarter. As the net asset value of the fund rebounded, the fund also experienced redemptions. The net redemption shares were 269.614 billion, with a redemption ratio of 10.77%. Among them, the cumulative net redemption of bond funds was 66.445 billion, and the cumulative redemption of currency funds was 172.704 billion, higher than the redemption ratio of stock funds and hybrid funds during the same period.
QDII has been going abroad for a year, suffering for a year. "- Li Rui, Morning News reporter [Part 1: What's wrong with QDII] From the current perspective, QDII funds have become a very heavy and unavoidable topic. With the release of the 2008 annual report, the first batch of QDII funds have been going global for over a year, and looking back on this year, the experience of QDII funds can be described as "unbearable". No wonder investors exclaim that it's really difficult for QDII funds to say they love you. Reason 1: Failed academic year. Looking back at 2008, as the "first academic year" for going abroad, QDII Fund's performance was really a mess. Affected by the 2008 global financial crisis, QDII funds, which were born at the wrong time, suffered heavy losses throughout the year, with almost none achieving profits. Statistics show that 9 QDII funds suffered a cumulative loss of 50.5 billion yuan last year, with some QDII funds experiencing losses of nearly 70%. This is undoubtedly a heavy blow for QDII funds that have recently gone global. Based on a loss of 50.5 billion yuan, the average QDII fund lost over 5.6 billion yuan. Even in 2007, the four QDII funds operating that year lost 11.8 billion yuan, with an average loss of about 2.95 billion yuan per fund. From the perspective of unit net asset value data, the situation of QDII funds is indeed not optimistic. Among them, the net asset value of Shangtou Morgan Asia Pacific Advantage and Southern Global as of December 30, 2008 were 0.38 yuan and 0.527 yuan respectively, the net asset value of Jiashi Overseas as of December 31 was 0.44 yuan, and the net asset value of Huaxia Global as of December 29 was 0.519 yuan. Investors are dissatisfied with such performance, and the fund company is also suffering greatly. Reason 2: The annual report of "Yangwen" undoubtedly confuses you. As a QDII fund that invests overseas, most of its holders are domestic investors. If faced with a purely Chinese annual report, domestic investors can definitely understand it as long as they patiently study it, but the entire article or key words are in foreign languages, which undoubtedly confuses domestic investors who only know Chinese. The unfamiliar English words "Vodafone Group PLC" and "Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd." appear in the heavy holdings of QDII fund annual reports. In some QDII funds that have already disclosed their annual reports, the top ten heavily held stocks are expressed in both Chinese and English, and are relatively easy to understand.   In addition, some ETFs and open-end funds held by QDII funds have not been translated into Chinese, making it difficult for investors with average English proficiency to understand. According to relevant regulations, QDII fund information disclosure can be conducted in both Chinese and English, but the Chinese version shall prevail. From this perspective, the motives of QDII funds are inevitably suspected of being deliberately incomprehensible. Reason 3: "I want to run without learning how to walk." However, what makes investors even more confused is that before the fundamental improvement of QDII fund performance, fund companies seeking innovation have already begun bolder "risky actions," including higher risk QDII index products and QDII special account products, which have been ridiculed by many investors as "wanting to run without learning how to walk. Recently, Bank of Communications Schroder announced that after sufficient communication with multiple clients, the company officially signed its first QDII special account contract with a well-known domestic enterprise on April 3rd. After signing the first domestic special account business order in April 2008, Bank of Communications Schroeder once again took the lead in the special account business. In addition, Southern Fund announced a contract with Standard&Poor's Index Company to exclusively develop fund products that track the Standard&Poor's 500 index in the mainland market. Almost simultaneously, Guotai Fund also announced that it has signed an exclusive licensing agreement with Nasdaq OMX Group in the United States to develop investment products that track the Nasdaq 100 index. Many large fund companies, including Huaxia and Jiashi, are developing QDII products that track strong foreign indices. Compared to previous QDII fund products, the risk of its "innovative" products has significantly increased. In the face of unfavorable market development in the early stage, how to attract investors with its "innovative" products has undoubtedly become the focus of market attention this year. [Part 2: What to do with QDII] The overseas market is generally recovering, and QDII fund investment opportunities may have arrived. The general recovery of the overseas market by Li Rui, a reporter from the Morning News, has once again shown investors the investment opportunities of QDII funds. After experiencing a nightmare like decline in 2008, especially in March 2009, with the gradual stabilization and recovery of overseas markets, QDII funds also began a "decent" rebound. While gradually playing a role in diversifying risks in a single market, the sustained rebound of QDII funds also brought about wealth effects. Multiple research institutions have indicated that QDII funds may have phased investment opportunities. Overseas recovery drives QDII to strengthen. On March 10th, the US stock market experienced a strong rebound due to the unexpected performance of banks such as Citigroup, which in turn led to a rebound in stock indices in other global markets. Subsequently, with the announcement of the US Treasury Department's purchase of non-performing assets, this rebound was able to continue.   Roughly speaking, the S&P 500 index in the US market rose 8.54% in March, the largest monthly increase since October 2002, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 7.73% in March.   Undoubtedly, influenced by overseas markets, QDII funds brought good positive returns to investors in March. As of last week, among the four largest QDII funds currently, the net asset value of Shangtou Morgan Asia Pacific Advantage has increased by 25.46% in the past month, while the net asset value of Southern Global and Huaxia Global has also increased by over 19%, and the net asset value of Jiashi Overseas Selection has increased by over 22%.   Institutional investors have begun to take action, and various signs indicate that institutions are once again leading the way. Recently, several fund companies with QDII have stated that QDII funds are in a net subscription state, including institutional subscription funds. Among them, Shangtou Morgan Asia Pacific Advantage, which has always had a high stock position, has maintained a net subscription status in the past month. Last Thursday, the daily subscription amount of Shangtou Morgan Asia Pacific Advantage reached over 14 million yuan, and one of the institutions subscribed for 10 million yuan. According to the 2008 annual report, the holder structure of QDII funds is relatively stable, with retail investors accounting for a very high proportion, while the proportion of institutional investors is very small. The recent situation is contrary to normal, as institutional investors have begun to pay attention to the investment value of QDII funds, which the market did not anticipate before. The stage investment opportunity may have arrived. With the active intervention of major global economies in financial markets and the real economy, leading indicators show that major countries have shown some signs of rebound, and overseas market stock indices and commodity prices such as crude oil and raw materials have stabilized and rebounded. While the A-share market may maintain a volatile pattern in the short term and face further pressure from structural valuation, QDII fund products may have investment opportunities at certain stages, and investors can make appropriate allocations based on their own situation. However, given the current incomplete product line and the high similarity of product design, investors can choose based on the unique characteristics of each QDII fund and their own allocation requirements. For example, if investors hope for global diversification, they can consider Southern Global Selection;   If investors wish to invest in the Asia Pacific market and believe that emerging markets have more opportunities, they can also consider investing in Morgan Stanley Asia Pacific Advantage. Although the performance is average, QDII generally maintains optimism about the prospects of overseas markets. Faced with the arrival of 2009, the market still faces numerous uncertainties, and after experiencing the torment of the whole year last year, the judgment of the "head" of QDII funds is particularly important. However, what gives investors some relief is that they generally remain optimistic about the prospects of overseas markets, mostly emphasizing that the overseas economic situation is becoming clearer. Looking ahead to 2009, we are optimistic about investment opportunities as Huaxia Global Select offers excellent investment opportunities at a low economic level. Firstly, the global stock market downturn has already reflected many pessimistic expectations. Even considering the possibility of further downward adjustments in predicted profits, the stock market has shown a more pessimistic view of corporate profits and economic prospects compared to the lowest P/E ratio of 13 times and P/B ratio of 1.5 times in 15 years; Secondly, the indicators of the real economy have been at a low level in every economic recession in the past fifty years, providing excellent investment opportunities for long-term stable investors; Once again, unprecedented fiscal, monetary, and administrative policies across the globe have provided protection against a significant economic downturn and loss of financial system functionality. With the gradual stabilization of asset prices, many seemingly unsolvable problems may be solved instantly, and confidence from all parties will gradually recover. Southern Global Selection's "Stage Investment Opportunities Worth Looking Forward to" maintains cautious optimism about the global stock market during an economic downturn, believing that structural and stage investment opportunities are worth looking forward to. With governments around the world working together to rescue the market and injecting unprecedented amounts of liquidity into it, the stock market has a chance to restore calm from the panic. If the credit market can be further unfrozen, it will further stimulate investor confidence, which is conducive to the sustained recovery of stock markets in various countries. This fund will closely monitor and re-examine assets that have been oversold, observing the different performances of fund flows and asset classes, in order to actively grasp the signs of gradually recovering market confidence. Due to the joint efforts of multiple parties, the worst-case scenario of the financial crisis may have passed, but its negative impact on the real economy will gradually emerge through various economic indicators, which will also cause fluctuations in risk aversion and stock market volatility. The fundamental factors for the stabilization of the Asia Pacific market depend on the policy effectiveness and economic performance of China and the United States. The key issues in the United States are whether the real estate market can stop falling and stabilize, and when banks will resume lending functions?   The worst of the financial crisis has passed, and the real economy will gradually bottom out. The fund manager analyzed in the annual report that the Federal Reserve's significant increase in money supply enabled it to avoid a Great Depression.  
The fund has weak legs and has been underperforming the market for two consecutive weeks. Guan Xiaofeng was affected by the macroeconomic data and policy expectations of the first quarter this week. The Shanghai Composite Index rose for the fifth consecutive week, reaching a new high in nearly eight months, but fell significantly below the market for the second consecutive week, with nearly 60% of closed-end funds in both markets falling. Analysts believe that long-term allocation is the right time to seal the foundation. The Shanghai Composite Index opened at 3293.62 points this week and closed at 3301.82 points, up 24.73 points or 0.75%; The Shenzhen Component Index opened at 3286.85 points and closed at 3272.99 points, down 3.23 points or 0.10%. The total transaction amount of the two city funds for the week was 20.053 billion yuan, with a trading volume of 140.241 million lots. In terms of individual funds, out of the 32 closed-end funds that opened for trading, 14 rose and 18 fell. Fund Taihe rose 3.61% throughout the week, leading the way with gains in closed-end funds. Other funds with significant gains include CCB Advantage, which rose 3.59%; In terms of declining funds, Fund Tongqian experienced a full week decline of 3.05%, with the largest drop, followed closely by Fund Anshun, which fell 1.48%. Tianxiang Investment Advisory believes that short-term investments in closed-end funds need to wait for opportunities, and long-term strategic allocation is appropriate. It is recommended to focus on two indicators: discount rate level, net asset value performance, and market correlation coefficient. Tianxiang Investment Consulting pointed out that for investors who have medium to long-term asset allocation needs and pursue stable returns, they can focus on varieties with maturity dates of 4-5 years and stable and outstanding performance in the medium to long term, and choose the opportunity to allocate in their discount rate fluctuations. Dongfang Securities also believes that in the current position, closed-end funds are still worth investing in for investors in the long term. On the one hand, in the long run, there is a requirement for the discount rate to return to the mean. On the other hand, there is still a lot of room for net worth to increase.
Xinda Aoyin Stable Value Fund has terminated its fundraising ahead of schedule. As of April 2nd and March 31st, Xinda Aoyin Fund announced on Tuesday that the total number of shares, fundraising amount, and number of subscribers of its Xinda Aoyin Stable Value Bond Securities Investment Fund have all met the conditions for the effectiveness of the open-ended fund fund contract and will end fundraising ahead of schedule on April 2nd. The Xinda Australia Bank Stable Value Bond Securities Investment Fund began fundraising on March 9, 2009, with the original fundraising deadline set for April 9, 2009. (Panoramic Network/Thunder)
Yinhua Harmony Theme Fund has been officially launched. The reporter learned that Yinhua Harmony Theme Flexible Allocation Fund, the 12th fund product under Yinhua Fund Company, has been officially launched recently. Investors can inquire and subscribe through banks such as ICBC, CCB, Bank of China, Bank of Communications, China Merchants Bank, Postal Savings Bank of China, and major brokerage outlets. As a newly launched hybrid fund, Lu Wenjun, the proposed fund manager and deputy director of the investment management department of Yinhua Fund, stated that after this round of bear market, investors' risk aversion awareness has increased, and hybrid funds may be more suitable for emerging market holders with larger volatility. According to Tianxiang statistics, in the first quarter of this year, newly issued funds raised nearly 50 billion yuan in initial public offerings, while unlike the fourth quarter of last year, balanced funds accounted for a larger proportion. Regarding this, Lu Wenjun, the proposed fund manager of Yinhua Harmony Theme Fund and deputy director of Yinhua Fund Investment Management Department, stated that after the test of 2008, many investors began to realize the importance of risk control. Hybrid fund asset allocation is more flexible and suitable for emerging markets with large fluctuations. (Wood, text)
Goldwind Technology's first quarter performance increased by 155%, and the fund took over Xiao Fei's shares. According to the reporter, Wei Yuqing, Goldwind Technology (002202, closing price 43.8 yuan), released its first quarter report today, showing that the company's total operating revenue for the first quarter of this year was 1.147 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase of 94.97%; The net profit attributable to the owners of the parent company was 196 million yuan, a year-on-year increase of 155.66%; The earnings per share is 0.2 yuan, and the return on net assets is 5.01%. The company stated that the significant increase in operating revenue in the first quarter was mainly due to the year-on-year increase in sales volume during the reporting period, as well as the addition of German VENSYS Energy Co., Ltd. to the company's consolidated financial statements. The company achieved revenue of 93.78 million yuan in the first quarter. Meanwhile, the company expects a year-on-year increase of 190% to 220% in net profit attributable to the owners of the parent company in the first half of 2009.   In contrast to Xiaofei's massive retreat, there is a clear entry of funds. A total of 7 funds made the list this time, including 4 new funds. Among them, Hua'an's dividend stock type and strategy preferred hold 15.2 million shares and 8.4369 million shares respectively, ranking first and eighth; Shangtou Morgan Domestic Power purchased 13.5245 million shares in the first quarter of this year, ranking as the second largest shareholder; Huaxia Advantage Growth purchased 11.4068 million shares, ranking third. In addition, among the remaining three small non profits, Xinjiang Solar Energy Technology Development Company reduced its holdings by 375000 shares in the first quarter of this year and currently holds 9.8029 million shares. Natural person Li Deming reduced his holdings by 610300 shares and currently holds 7.5 million shares.
The summary of the annual report is always humorous, and fund managers also play with humor. Although Chen Zhongbo's transcript in 2008 showed a loss of billions of yuan, the mentality of fund managers seems to be good. Popular phrases such as "push ups" and "black swan" have appeared in the annual report outlook of funds. The popularity of the term "push up" comes from the internet, and I didn't expect it to appear in the annual reports of funds. "After the squeeze of the valuation foam, the investment background in 2009 will be significantly different from that in 2007 and 2008. Most of the time, the probability of push up market is high, the dominant position of asset allocation will be weakened, and more opportunities will come from structural investment opportunities brought by industry differentiation and excess returns brought by individual stock selection." The annual report of Huitianfu Select Fund pointed out that 2009 will be a year of contradiction. After years of development, China has accumulated a large amount of wealth and has a stronger material foundation to cope with economic crises. The annual report of the fund also mentioned that loose monetary policy, a 4 trillion yuan investment plan, and even more economic stimulus plans will effectively alleviate the pressure of economic downturn. Of course, it cannot be denied that the problem of overcapacity still exists in China, and it will take a process for the profit growth rate of enterprises to emerge from the trough and gradually recover. There are still many uncertainties in the short term.   However, there is also a Zen philosophy behind the fund's subsequent statements. Although 'black swan events' became the latest popular term for public ridicule and healing in 2008, the dialectical relationship between chance and inevitability tells us that today's' fruit' will inevitably correspond to yesterday's' cause 'after crossing the fog of history. Stock selection is like a' war '. Many fund annual reports also mention that there are still many structural opportunities in the industry in 2009, and funds will strive to seize them with a positive attitude. The annual report of Huitianfu Selected Fund points out that the investment focus in 2009 will shift to domestic demand investment and consumption. In terms of investment, in the short term, industries such as railway construction and power equipment will benefit from countercyclical economic stimulus plans and massive government led investment projects, while construction machinery and building materials will be expected to recover. The growth of wind power in new energy is relatively clear. In terms of consumption, upgrading the consumption structure remains a medium - to long-term mainline, with advantageous enterprises in industries such as information technology, pharmaceuticals, media, automobiles, and tourism expected to grow and strengthen under the background of policy reform and market expansion. In terms of industry and individual stocks, CITIC Dividend Fund's strategy this year is a combination of battlefield warfare, guerrilla warfare, ambush warfare, and information warfare. Frontline warfare refers to finding varieties that can cross the economic cycle as the basic configuration of the portfolio. Guerrilla warfare refers to using band operations on highly cyclical varieties to strive for excess returns for the entire portfolio. Ambush warfare refers to sniping at stocks whose prices fall below the reset cost during a special panic decline in the stock market, resulting in merger and acquisition value. Information warfare refers to closely tracking public information on mergers and acquisitions of listed companies to seek overlooked investment opportunities.
Meanwhile, generally speaking, in the selection of heavily held stocks, new funds may better reflect market hotspots and trends. So, have these lightly armed new funds seized the opportunity of this round of skyrocketing market? When participating in the strong rebound of the stock index, which varieties did these new funds enter? As of yesterday, 8 of the newly established funds in the second half of last year have released their annual reports for 2008. Overall, the new funds in the fourth quarter tend to allocate more to large cap blue chip stocks, and Vanke A has become a key stock allocation for these new funds that have released their annual reports. Recently, eight sub new funds established in the second half of last year, including Huaxia Strategy Selection, Hua'an Core Selection, Huabao Xingye Large Cap Selection, Jingshun Great Wall Corporate Governance, Jingshun Great Wall Corporate Governance, Huitianfu Blue Fund Stability, Penghua Shengshi Innovation, Shenwan Paris Competitive Advantage, and Jinyuan Beilian Growth Motivation, have released their annual reports. According to the 2008 annual report of the fund, among the stocks with cumulative purchase amounts exceeding 2% of the fund's net asset value at the end of the period or among the top 20, banks and real estate stocks such as Vanke A, Shanghai Pudong Development Bank, Bank of Beijing, Shenzhen Development Bank A, China Merchants Bank, and Poly Real Estate are the most frequently allocated stocks in these new funds.   It is worth mentioning that Vanke A is the most favored stock by the second tier fund. Four funds, namely Jinyuan Beilian Power Growth, Hua'an Core Selection, Huabao Xingye Large Cap Selection, and Shenwan Paris Competitive Advantage, all increased their holdings in Vanke A in the fourth quarter. At the same time, Vanke A became a hidden heavy holding stock of Jinyuan Beilian Power Growth, Hua'an Core Selection, and Shenwan Paris Competitive Advantage.   Despite the recent extreme volatility in the stock market, many funds have expressed optimistic attitudes towards the future in their 2008 annual reports. Huabao Xingye believes that as we enter 2009, the fundamentals will remain weak, but at the same time, monetary and fiscal policies will continue to increase their support for the economy. In the foreseeable future, the management will continue to increase the intensity and scope of economic stimulus, which will have an impact on various industries. This year, the market will break away from a unilateral downward trend and instead enter a volatile market under the influence of various forces. In addition, Huitianfu Fund pointed out that under the interweaving of factors such as abundant liquidity, bottoming out and recovery of the real economy, government policy orientation, reduction of holdings of large and small non real entities, and peripheral market conditions, the trend of unilateral decline will not repeat in 2009. The important characteristics of market operation will be the fluctuation of index ranges, severe differentiation of market structure, active performance of theme investments and cyclical assets reflecting economic recovery expectations.
In fact, as the main sunshine force in the market, the addition and removal of individual stocks by funds have always been a hot topic of research and attention in the community. From the perspective of newly added stocks in the fund, China Software, which was first established by the fund in 2008, has seen a nearly 200% increase since the beginning of this year, while Great Wall Motors' annual increase is still less than 8%. This also indicates that, temporarily speaking, the newly added stocks of the fund may not necessarily become the top performing stocks in the first quarter. For stocks with average new performance in funds, investors need to carefully study whether the subsequent market has explosive power and leave it to the market to test. Review of Fund Clearance Stocks: 90 stocks were cleared by the fund, with 30% being small and medium-sized board stocks. Comparing the fund's semi annual and annual reports in 2008, it is not difficult to see that the fund outlined a roadmap of "streamlining troops and reducing stocks" in the second half of last year. According to Wind statistics, in the second half of last year, a total of 90 stocks were liquidated by the fund, completely disappearing from the fund's hidden heavy holdings. Specifically, among the 90 stocks excluded in the second half of last year, there were 47 stocks in the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and 43 stocks in the Shanghai Stock Exchange. It is worth noting that in the second half of last year, the majority of stocks abandoned by funds were small and medium-sized board stocks, with 32 small and medium-sized board stocks, accounting for 35.5%. At present, there are over 200 small and medium-sized board stocks, which means that more than 10% of them have been driven out by funds. Since November last year, individual stocks on the SME board have performed exceptionally well. The small and medium-sized board index rose by over 70% from early November last year to the end of last year, while the Shanghai Composite Index only rose by about 6% during the same period. Perhaps the outstanding performance has made small and medium-sized board stocks the main battlefield for fund reduction. According to statistical data, Hailiang Stock, or the SME board stock with the largest reduction in holdings by funds, was heavily held by 11 funds in the first half of 2008. However, as of the end of last year, there were no funds holding heavy positions, and it did not even enter the hidden heavy position stock list of any funds. In addition, a group of small and medium-sized board stocks such as Jiangshan Chemical, Tianbang Shares, Rheinland Biotech, Zhonghe Shares, and Hanzhong Precision Machinery have been kicked out of the market by funds. 48 new stocks have entered the perspective of the fund, with a majority being new energy and automotive stocks. Looking back, the current cross year market trend started at the end of October last year. So, at the beginning of the market, which investment varieties did the fund embrace? What are the common characteristics of these stocks? The decline in exports and the sustained downturn in real estate, which drives investment, have led to a series of policies implemented by management to maintain economic growth. The relaxation of monetary policy and the introduction of the Ten Major Industrial Revitalization Plans have led to a series of performances by listed companies in the automotive, textile, steel, and shipbuilding industries. After statistical analysis by reporters, it was found that theme investment clearly became the main investment strategy for funds in the second half of last year. In terms of stock selection, funds did not rush to raise funds on a large scale at low prices. Only 48 stocks appeared for the first time on the list of fund heavy holdings and hidden heavy holdings, with 28 stocks in Shanghai and 20 stocks in Shenzhen. The number of stocks sold by the fund in the second half of last year far exceeded the number of stocks first opened by the fund in 2008. Such a strong contrast undoubtedly highlights the value contained in these 48 stocks, which may reveal the investment trend of the fund. Data shows that in the list of stocks where funds first established positions in 2008, the proportion and intensity of fund holdings in energy and automotive stocks were relatively high. By the end of last year, the number of shares held by the fund in Great Wall reached over 47 million; Jianghuai Power had a total of 9 funds appear in the second half of last year, holding 38.9 million shares, accounting for 7.5% of its outstanding shares; San'an Optoelectronics, the largest LED manufacturer in China and also possessing the concept of energy conservation and environmental protection, had a total of 7 funds stationed in the second half of last year. At the end of 2008, the total number of fund holdings was 10.198 million shares, accounting for 14% of its outstanding shares; In the second half of last year, Luxin High tech, the first venture capital stock, also had three funds that first intervened in 2008, holding over 15 million shares of the stock. In addition, the expected increase in performance of Shenzhen Kangjia has also attracted the attention of funds. In the first half of the year, there was no fund "care". At the end of last year, there were 11 funds holding shares, with nearly 35.71 million shares held by the funds, accounting for 6% of the outstanding shares. 【 Latest Performance Report 】 Several stocks that have established positions have seen astonishing gains, with 8 stocks doubling their stock prices this year. The threshold for carefully selecting and screening stocks has significantly increased, and most of the newly entered stocks in the fund's holding scope have performed well. According to Wind's statistical data, among the 48 newly selected stocks by the fund, 8 stocks have risen by more than 100% from the beginning of the year to this Friday, and the stock price of Chinese software has risen as high as 190.57%. According to data statistics, from the Year of the Ox until the close of this Friday, among the newly added stocks of funds, China Software ranked first with a 190.57% increase. As of the end of last year, Hua'an MSCI China A-share fund had purchased over 90000 shares. Similarly, according to the 2008 annual report of the fund, among the four innovation electronics companies that saw a growth rate of over 120% during the same period, only Zhonghai Energy Strategy acquired 481600 shares in the second half of last year. From the newly added bull stocks in the fund, it is clear that Industrial Fund and Huaxia Fund have become the big winners among them. Taking Sanan Optoelectronics as an example, from the beginning of the year to this Friday, the stock has risen by 178%. Three funds under Xingye Fund, namely Xingye Global Vision, Xingye Trends, and Xingye Convertible Bonds, have collectively entered the market, which can be said to be a significant achievement. Xingye Global Vision also increased its holdings by 430000 shares in the fourth quarter of last year. In addition, Baoguang Shares, which has risen by as much as 123% since the beginning of this year, and Xingye Global Vision held 300000 shares at the end of last year. Xingye Trend holds nearly 3 million shares of China Wuyi (with a stock price increase of 102.75% in 2009). Meanwhile, the annual report shows that the most powerful fund, Huaxia Big Cap, holds 238000 shares of Lansheng Stock (with a stock price increase of 130.67% in 2009) and over 3.6 million shares of Luxin High tech (with a stock price increase of 124.16% in 2009) respectively. Huaxia Blue Chip, on the other hand, made a huge profit on Chongqing Development (with a stock price increase of 115.87% in 2009). In fact, as the main sunshine force in the market, the newly added and removed stocks of funds are hot topics of research and attention in the community. From the perspective of newly added stocks in the fund, the performance of the stocks recently targeted by the fund is also significantly different. The highest Chinese software has seen an increase of nearly 200% since the Year of the Ox, while the weakest company, Great Wall Motors, still has a single digit increase of less than 8% for the year. This also indicates that not all newly added stocks in the fund are highly potential bull stocks. Similarly, looking at the stocks excluded from the fund, Gaohong Shares, which performed the worst, only saw a 13% increase during the year, while Great Wall Electric, which performed the best, also saw a 132% increase during the year. It is obvious that the stocks abandoned by the fund are not necessarily weak stocks, and the newly added stocks of the fund are not all stocks whose stock prices will immediately soar and show extremely strong explosive power. Investors still need to remain clear headed and vigilant.   During this vacuum period of fund information release, it is not ruled out that the fund may abandon overvalued and stagnant varieties. Of course, there may also be some stocks with flashing investment value for the fund's stock pool. When analyzing fund annual reports, investors should focus on the overall judgment of the securities market and macroeconomy, industry allocation, and investment trends. According to a rough estimate by a reporter from the Daily Economic News, a total of 176 hidden heavy holdings (including new ones) were increased by the fund in the fourth quarter of last year. Since the rebound in early November last year, the average cumulative increase of these 176 stocks is about 109%. From the open trading seats of the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange, there are signs of the fund selling the above-mentioned stocks. Based on the data from the trading seats of the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, there are signs of institutional selling of theme stocks without performance support, while the trend of heavily held stocks with relatively stable performance is relatively stable. The probability of funds adjusting their positions based on theme opportunities in the first quarter is extremely high. When investors follow the fund for investment, they should be wary of the vacuum period formed by the fund using the time difference to adjust their positions. Every journalist, Gong Wanlong
424 funds lost a total of 1.5 trillion yuan last year. (Reporter Zhao Xia) The 2008 annual reports of 424 funds were disclosed yesterday. According to statistics from Tianxiang Investment Consulting, these funds lost a total of 1.5 trillion yuan last year. Due to the volatile stock market situation this year, industry insiders suggest that investors should pay attention to the allocation ratio of fund types this year. 60% of fund companies suffered losses of over 10 billion yuan due to the stock market downturn. Equity oriented funds suffered severe losses last year, with losses of 974 billion yuan and 405.7 billion yuan respectively for equity funds and hybrid funds during the reporting period. In contrast to the performance of stock funds, bond funds and money market funds benefited greatly from the bull market in bonds last year, with profits of 9.255 billion yuan and 5.881 billion yuan respectively. Data shows that last year, 184 equity funds lost 973.9 billion yuan, 100 hybrid funds lost 405.7 billion yuan, 36 closed-end funds lost 84.1 billion yuan, and 9 QDII funds lost 50.5 billion yuan, totaling a loss of 1.5142 trillion yuan. From the perspective of fund companies, among the 60 fund companies, 36 of them have a total loss of over 10 billion yuan on their products, accounting for 60%. And there are also 8 fund companies with product losses exceeding 50 billion yuan. According to the annual report of institutional funds that increased their holdings in the second half of last year, the operations of institutions and individual investors were not entirely the same. Data shows that in the second half of last year, institutional funds began to slightly increase their holdings of equity funds, with their holdings increasing from 9.22% to 9.59%, while individual investors reduced their holdings of equity funds, with their holdings decreasing from 90.78% to 90.41%. Despite the good performance of bond funds last year, institutions still chose to reduce their holdings in the second half of last year, and even slightly reduced their holdings of money market funds and capital guaranteed funds. Among these three types of fund products, the proportion of individual investors' holdings has increased. Regarding the change in holding ratio, an anonymous fund insider told reporters that the stock market experienced a significant decline in the first half of last year, and there were differences in opinions between institutions and individual investors on the future market. Investment advice should not be based solely on rankings when selecting funds. After the Spring Festival this year, the stock market experienced a wave of upward trend, and some funds fell short of the market. Due to different investment strategy choices, the gap between fund performance in the first quarter is significant. Many investors like to choose funds based on rankings. For this practice, analyst Xing Fen from Desheng Fund Research Center believes that rankings can only be used as an auxiliary criterion for fund selection. The key is to look at the investment ability of the fund. Investors should pay attention to the medium and long-term rankings of the fund, rather than just focusing on short-term fluctuations.   Investors are advised to pay attention to the allocation ratio of fund types this year, with bond funds accounting for at least 50% -60%.
Sun Wuyi: Learn to forget about going into battle lightly. As an investment manager, Sun Wuyi appears confident in this year's A-share market. He believes that China's economic trend is expected to improve in the second half of the year, and the current market valuation is reasonable. Technically, there is a need for a rebound and global economic stimulus measures. These favorable factors are expected to create great opportunities for the stock market in the third quarter. When it comes to investment strategies for the second quarter, Sun Wuyi believes that "trend investing" should be carried out, which not only prevents "going short" but also avoids "getting stuck", and switches between fixed income and equity products. At present, Changjiang Chaoyue Wealth Management No.2 maintains the reallocation of on exchange ETF funds because there is great convenience in trading on exchange funds, which can be realized at any time. Simultaneously holding a certain proportion of active equity funds as the basic allocation, in order to ensure that it will not "fall short" in the rebound market. However, Sun Wuyi's view on the recent market is relatively pessimistic, believing that the big opportunity lies in the second half of the year. There is no main upward trend in April, but he still made two preparations in operation, that is, to maintain a certain amount of high liquidity products. Before the downward trend becomes clear, he still maintains a considerable stock position. In fact, on March 25th, when the market plummeted, he increased his position by 40% and sold 30% of it last Friday. Sun Wuyi stated that the recent operation of Changjiang No.2 requires two aspects of work to be done simultaneously before the market directionally rises: seeking absolute return opportunities with certainty and risk control. However, when there is a directional direction in the market, the strategy will also be changed and followed up immediately. For active fund varieties, Sun Wuyi is optimistic about funds with strong stock selection ability this year, mainly choosing from fund companies with excellent historical performance and strong research capabilities. For this year's fund investments, Sun Wuyi suggests that ordinary investors learn to "forget" and forget the heavy burden left by last year's bear market, in order to achieve reasonable returns. (Zhu Jingfeng)
Under this expectation, funds are generally preparing to adopt more flexible operational methods, so the stock investment turnover rate of funds this year should show a significant increase compared to 2008. From the data of the previous two years, the stock turnover rate of the A-share market reached 8.41 times in 2007, and the turnover rate of funds that year was 2.6 times, both significantly higher than the corresponding data in 2008. Industry insiders predict that the turnover rate of fund holdings this year may even exceed the level of 2007. From the relationship between turnover rate and performance, data shows that there were a total of 195 funds established before January 1, 2009. Taking the top 20 funds with the smallest scale, as of March 16 this year, their average performance return was 13.76%; The average performance return of the top 20 funds with the largest scale during the same period was 13.66%, and the difference between the two was not significant. Ranking the performance and size of the fund from high to low, the correlation coefficient between the two rankings is -0.05, with only a weak negative correlation.
The positions of equity funds are approaching the bull market level ⊙ Great Wall Securities, Yan Hong, and Song Shaofeng. Since the beginning of this year, with the rebound of the A-share market, the overall stock positions of the funds have been increasing. According to calculations by Great Wall Securities, the weighted average position of equity funds (excluding newly issued funds within the year) reached 76.94% last week, up 5.26% from the previous week, while the weighted average position of equity funds (non index) was 79.45%, up 6.13% from the previous week; The weighted average position of stock index funds is 93.38%, up 0.90% from the previous week; The weighted average position of the hybrid fund is 70.51%, up 4.77% compared to the previous week. Last week, the net asset value of the fund showed a weighted average growth rate of 1.24% for equity (non index) funds, significantly higher than the weighted average growth rate of 0.72% for index funds. With the rebound of the stock market, the positions of equity funds have basically reached the level of stock positions in the bull market. From Figure 2, we can see that since 2004, the position changes of equity funds have been basically synchronized with the volatility of the A-share market. In the 2003-2004 A-share market rebound, the high point of the overall fund position appeared at the high level of the market. Subsequently, with the adjustment of the A-share market, the holdings of equity funds significantly decreased. In 2005, with the arrival of the bull market in the A-share market, the stock positions of equity funds continued to increase, and since the bull market was established in 2006, they have been fluctuating in the range of 75% -80%. At present, the stock positions of equity funds have reached the level of the 2006-2007 bull market. How will the future fund positions be interpreted, and will the fund reduce or hold? Following the historical footprint of China's fund industry, we explore the next investment behavior and motivations of funds from the following aspects. The historical trajectory of fund position changes is mainly based on economic fundamentals. From Figure 2, it can be seen that in the first quarter of 2004, after the fund's stock position reached the current level, it chose to gradually reduce its holdings. Under the influence of macro-control policies, fixed assets investment began to fall after the year-on-year growth rate reached a high of 47.8% in the first quarter of 2004, and after the year-on-year growth rate of GDP reached a high of 10.9% in the second quarter of 2004, it also fell slightly. Meanwhile, multiple macroeconomic indicators such as exports, loans, and real estate investment also experienced a decline during the same period. Systemic risks have emerged, causing a significant decline in the A-share market and a noticeable decrease in fund positions. After the second quarter of 2005, various economic indicators rebounded, and the A-share market gradually entered a bull market, with fund positions significantly increasing. During 2006-2007, the fund maintained a high position. In the first two quarters of 2006, the year-on-year growth rate of fixed assets investment and GDP increased, a number of macroeconomic indicators recovered, the A-share market officially entered the bull market, and the fund position increased to nearly 80% of the high region. From the second quarter of 2006 to the third quarter of 2007, the year-on-year growth rate of fixed assets fluctuated between 25% and 27%, the export growth rate declined, and the loan growth rate remained stable. However, driven by the growth of multiple domestic demand indicators such as real estate investment and industrial added value, the year-on-year growth rate of GDP accelerated. At the same time, influenced by inflation expectations, investors are actively entering the market, and the rapid development of equity funds is an important manifestation. The A-share market has entered the craziest stage of the bull market, during which equity funds have maintained high stock positions close to or exceeding 80%, basically the proportion of their stock position limit. After the fourth quarter of 2007, the international financial crisis was superimposed on the adjustment cycle of the Chinese economy. Both macroeconomic indicators and the A-share market experienced rapid declines, and fund positions quickly decreased to the level at the beginning of the bull market in 2005. Since 2009, the A-share market has experienced a sustained rebound, with fund positions gradually increasing to 2006 levels. Path choice one: Reducing holdings in profitable industries and individual stocks is the most fundamental factor affecting the rebound height of the A-share market and whether funds continue to increase or maintain high positions in the short to medium term macroeconomic trends. The 2009 A-share strategy report of Great Wall Securities believes that the expectation of economic bottoming out and recovery, as well as the continued support of liquidity, will continue to support the A-share market in the second quarter, but valuation constraints will limit the upward trend. The realization of optimistic economic expectations and the pressure of profit taking caused by excessive cumulative gains will become incentives for market fluctuations. In addition, if scenarios such as lower than expected economic data and IPO opening occur in the second quarter, the market will face real pressure. Under favorable fundamental expectations, the market valuation center is expected to shift upwards. It is expected that the rolling PE valuation of A-shares in the second quarter will fluctuate between 17-22 times, corresponding to the range of 2100-2700 points on the Shanghai Composite Index. At present, the Shanghai Composite Index is approaching 2500 points and gradually approaching the predicted upper limit of 2700 points for the second quarter. In the absence of clear improvement in economic fundamentals, the performance of listed companies still exerts significant pressure on some industries and individual stocks, and the marginal effect of policies on the market is diminishing, the upward potential of the stock index is difficult to be overly optimistic. In the short term, liquidity drives the rise of commodity futures, which in turn drives the rise of resource stocks such as non-ferrous metals and coal. This is the main trend of the current market, and their determination to go long has a significant impact on market confidence. Technically speaking, the annual chart is a pressure band that is difficult to surpass in all bear markets at once. Considering that the overall position of the fund has reached the allocation level of a bull market, there is not much room for further significant increases in holdings. If the short-term market enters a correction, the possibility of funds reducing their holdings in profitable industries and individual stocks increases significantly. Path choice two: Maintain current position for structural adjustment. The fund maintained a high stock position during the 2006-2007 bull market, but adjusted its investment structure accordingly. The investment behavior of seeking valuation troughs in a bull market is manifested as sector rotation. The industries that funds reduced their holdings in the previous quarter, or due to the industry itself still being in a rapid growth period in the next quarter, have high performance growth capabilities that digest high stock prices; Or due to the rise of other industries or sectors, it may become a relative "valuation depression" and regain the favor of funds. Securities investment funds have a significant impact on the securities market, both in terms of scale and investment philosophy. Industries in which funds increase their holdings often perform better in the current or next quarter, while industries in which funds reduce their holdings underperform the industry index average in the current or next quarter. We take the average increase in the industry index of the China Securities Regulatory Commission during the 2006-2007 bull market as the average level of the industry index. In the first and second quarters of 2006, funds allocated a higher proportion to defensive industries, such as food and beverage, commercial retail, pharmaceutical and biotechnology, and information technology. Their increases were generally higher than the average level, with only the pharmaceutical industry, which had a lower proportion of fund allocation, showing a smaller increase; And for cyclical industries, the allocation proportion has been reduced, and the increase is generally lower than the average level. In the third and fourth quarters of 2006, funds increased their holdings in cyclical industries, especially the financial and real estate industries, with an increase in their allocation ratio exceeding the average increase of the China Securities Regulatory Commission's industry index. However, defensive industries that were affected by fund reduction saw an increase close to or even lower than the average level, with only the food and beverage industry with a higher allocation ratio exceeding the average level. When theme stocks and growth stocks received market attention in the first quarter of 2007, funds reduced their holdings in cyclical industries, and their gains returned to below average levels. In the second and third quarters of 2007, funds once again increased their holdings in cyclical industries, and market hotspots returned to blue chips; Although the bull market is still deepening, the overall growth of defensive industries has fallen below the average level, and it was not until the fourth quarter of 2007 that funds regained their holdings. The change in the proportion of fund industry allocation is significantly related to the performance of industry index markets. On the one hand, industry valuation and prosperity affect the investment behavior of funds. On the other hand, it also reflects the ability of some excellent funds to flexibly grasp industry allocation and obtain excess returns through active investment. If the signs of improving fundamentals continue, the fund may maintain its current position and make structural adjustments. Reduce holdings in high valuation industries with significant increases, and search for relative "valuation troughs" or investment themes for funds in the near future. The key asset allocation targets may be banks, securities firms, real estate, coal, petrochemicals, power equipment and new energy, construction materials, machinery and other industries. Path choice three: Another manifestation of high positions in funds or current dividend funds is to distribute dividends. In the bull market from 2006 to 2007, funds experienced large-scale and frequent dividends. In 2006, 187 equity funds distributed dividends 404 times, with an average dividend of 0.21 yuan per fund. In 2007, 243 equity funds distributed dividends 371 times, with an average of 0.56 yuan per fund. During the market adjustment in 2008, fund dividends were significantly reduced, with 303 funds distributing dividends 106 times, averaging 0.09 yuan per fund. Two thirds of the dividends were concentrated in the first half of the year, which was actually a distribution of profits realized in 2007. At the same time, there were also factors that avoided market risks by cashing out profits through dividends. Since 2009, with the rise of the A-share market, fund investment returns have increased. Currently, some industries have accumulated a certain increase and their valuation levels are not low. Funds cash out some or all of their profits for dividends. On the one hand, investors can enjoy investment returns through dividends; On the other hand, it can also help investors avoid potential market or industry risks. But after the fund dividends, the net asset size of the fund decreases, and the position may not necessarily decrease. If the economic fundamentals continue to improve, funds can still hold some industries and stocks with relatively safe margins. So dividend redemption profits are also an option for funds to reduce their positions or adjust their investment products. Therefore, we believe that high valuation industries with significant increases may face pressure from fund reduction. Last week's partial open-ended fund position estimation results showed that for the quarter when newly issued funds are concentrated in the position building period, if the growth rate of newly issued funds or funds in the position building period is higher than or close to 50%, we have excluded new funds.
8 Huaxia based funds lurk in Neusoft's bid to acquire Oriental Morning Post Wealth Management Weekly Researcher/Mei Cong for 19 yuan. Neusoft Group (600718) hit a new high in nearly half a year on Tuesday. Looking back at the market, the stock has been rising since its low point of 8.03 yuan in November last year, with the maximum range increase approaching 130%. Since March this year, the stock has experienced a wide range of fluctuations. Previously, due to the expectation of restructuring, Neusoft Group's stock price has continued to rise since mid January, rising from 11 yuan to 18 yuan. However, since early March when the company announced the suspension of restructuring, the company's stock has directly hit the limit down after resuming trading. Since then, Neusoft Group has not continued the decline in stock price after the failed restructuring, but has regained its upward momentum with the market and set a new high. After reaching a new high this week, the stock price has fallen back. According to data from Dazhihui Super Win, the holding line of major institutions has decreased by 2%. It seems that with the rise and fall of the company's stock price in the secondary market, some major institutions also have the desire to cash in profits. However, some private equity professionals believe that "Neusoft Group still has merger and acquisition expectations at present." Previously, the stock's restructuring and merger expectations attracted a large number of institutional investors' attention. It is worth mentioning that the stock disclosed in its annual report last year that Huaxia Fund had deployed a large number of funds, and as many as 8 of its funds had "infiltrated" Neusoft Group in the fourth quarter of last year. According to the annual report of Huaxia Group, a total of 51 major institutions (49 funds, 1 social security fund, and 1 securities collective wealth management company) hold a total of 174 million shares in Neusoft Group, accounting for 69.04% of the outstanding A-shares. Among them, the fund holdings of Neusoft Group increased by 9 companies and 39.19 million shares in the fourth quarter; There are 39 funds newly appearing on the main list, holding 59.58 million shares, accounting for about 20% of the outstanding shares. It seems that funds significantly increased their holdings in Neusoft in the fourth quarter of last year, "market analysts pointed out. It is worth mentioning that Boshi Theme Industry has become the largest circulating shareholder of Neusoft Group since the third quarter of last year, holding 29.9925 million shares as of the end of last year, accounting for 11.95% of the circulating share capital. Since its establishment in the second quarter of last year, the fund has continuously adopted a strategy of buying on dips, resulting in a potential profit of billions of yuan on the stock. More noteworthy is that from the list of main institutional holdings, we found that 8 funds under Huaxia Group are stationed in Neusoft. Among them, Huaxia Blue Chip Core and Huaxia Growth are the fourth and sixth largest circulating shareholders of the company, respectively. In addition to considering the factor of the stock being distributed last year, the two funds still actively increased their holdings in the fourth quarter of last year. As of the end of the fourth quarter of last year, they held 14.28 million and 6.3 million shares respectively, and these two funds had already allocated this stock in the second half of 2006, with relatively low holding costs. In addition, Huaxia Renaissance, Huaxia Dividend, Huaxia Return, Huaxia Stable Growth, Huaxia Return No.2, and Fund Xinghua completed their holdings in the fourth quarter of last year, with a total of approximately 12.94 million shares held by the five funds. Based on the current stock price, the overall profit of the 8 Huaxia funds on this stock is also 50%. At the same time, the stock has also attracted the pursuit of the National Social Security Fund 103 portfolio. In addition to considering the distribution of shares in the fourth quarter of last year, the social security fund still actively increased its holdings. The annual report shows that it holds 17.72 million shares and currently has a profit of at least 50 million yuan. An industry insider pointed out that "the pending merger and acquisition of Neusoft Group is still worth looking forward to." The insider further stated that although the company announced in March this year that the acquisition of Huaxin was unsuccessful, it does not prevent the company from continuing to search for the next merger target. The possibility of the company's outward expansion acquisition is still high, which may be one of the important reasons why the stock has attracted the attention of many funds. Wang Junfeng, an analyst at Guosen Securities, believes that "the merger and acquisition of Neusoft remains the theme of the company in 2009." He analyzed that there are two reasons for this. Firstly, the company will continue to search for merger and acquisition targets; Secondly, the company predicts a revenue of 4.24 billion yuan, operating costs of 2.68 billion yuan, and period expenses of 900 million yuan in 2009. This means that the revenue will increase by 13%, while the gross profit margin and expense ratio will remain basically unchanged. It will be difficult to achieve the performance commitment of 630 million yuan by relying on endogenous growth, so the company should continue to carry out external acquisitions. Exclusive Article Statement for Wealth Management Week [Exclusive Article Statement] For works (text, images, charts) that indicate the source of "Wealth Management Week", please indicate the source when reprinted by various media: www.zaobao18.com, Wealth Management Week. News Hotline: 62471234-68566, Email: dfmoney@wxjt.com.cn Brand hotline: 62891790. Exclusive Weekly Financial Statement
There are still 12 funds in the queue for issuance, while 6 funds have just been issued. According to the reporter's understanding, there are still many funds waiting in line for management approval to issue. It is estimated that the establishment of the new fund is expected to inject about 30 billion yuan of fresh "blood" into the stock market within the two months starting from March. If the fund's capital flows continuously into the stock market, it will inevitably have a very good driving effect on the overall market and individual stocks. However, the simultaneous release of too many funds has made many investors envious. Adding some confusing names, such as Quality Life, Industry Leadership, Growth Motivation... How to choose a suitable fund for investors becomes a difficult problem. The name of the fund is actually not important, it is called industry growth, small cap, new cap, etc., but in the end, many stock selections are the same, "said Zhang Zi, an analyst at Xinda Securities." The important thing is to buy a fund at a low point. If investors believe that the index will continue to rise, they buy index funds. If investors believe that the current price of large cap stocks is relatively low compared to the future, they buy blue chip funds. "Guo Yanhong, a fund researcher at Ping An Securities, pointed out that investors should carefully examine the history of the fund manager before purchasing a fund. If this fund manager has performed well in the past, you can assume that his future performance will also be good. However, it is difficult to determine what his future performance will be like for a new fund manager. In terms of the impact of the 30 billion yuan fund on the future market, Zhang Zi said, "In practical terms, the 30 billion yuan new fund will not have a very significant effect. Especially for the petrochemical, financial, and real estate industries that determine the index, more funds are needed to drive stock prices. However, the continuous influx of these funds into the market indicates that the management maintains the market attitude." Guo Yanhong, on the other hand, stated that the fund has a holding period, and as long as it reaches the lower limit of shareholding within a certain period of time, it is enough, so the 30 billion yuan fund will not have a significant impact. Enter the stock market together. According to Beijing Business Daily
The asset quality of fund companies is now apparent, with a scale close to management fees but twice as poor. Thanks to the issuance of new funds and the emergence of fixed income products, fund companies achieved positive growth in management fees during the bear market last year. However, interestingly, there was a huge gap between the asset size ranking and management fee income ranking of fund companies in 2008. Simply put, fund companies with similar scales had more than double the management fee income, while smaller companies had more management fees than larger companies in 2008. Management fees are not proportional to asset size. Recently, in 2008, the management fee income of fund companies surfaced, but compared to the decline in performance of listed companies, the overall management fee income of fund companies still achieved positive growth last year, relying on the profit model of drought and flood guaranteed income. According to Tianxiang statistics, 424 funds generated management fee income of approximately 30.732 billion yuan for fund companies, an increase of 8.28% compared to 2007. The reporter found that the ranking of fund companies' management fees in 2008 was quite interesting, as management fees were not directly proportional to asset size. For example, ICBC Credit Suisse and Dacheng ranked 5th and 6th respectively in terms of asset size last year, but their management fee income ranked 21st and 7th respectively. At the end of last year, the net asset value of ICBC Credit Suisse was 75.243 billion yuan, and its annual management fee income was about 582 million yuan, which was 1.224 billion yuan higher than Dacheng's management fee income, which was less than 5 billion yuan smaller than ICBC Credit Suisse. The difference in management fee income between the two was 1.1 times. In addition, Everbright Prudential, whose asset size is less than one-third of ICBC Credit Suisse, also received management fees of 554 million yuan last year. The situation where the scale ranking is similar, but the management fee ranking is significantly different, still occurs between Bank of Communications Schroder and Yinhua. According to Wind statistics, the management fee income of Bank of Communications Schroder and Yinhua Fund Company in 2008 was 589 million yuan and 779 million yuan respectively, ranking 20th and 11th in terms of management fee income, and 10th and 11th in terms of asset size. In the first group, the "quality" of assets is now in its original form. Jia Shi has a scale nearly 50 billion yuan larger than E Fund, but E Fund's management fees in 2008 were 29.02 million yuan higher than Jia Shi's. According to data, as of the end of last year, the management fee rates of the five funds owned by Jiashi were relatively low, with an average management fee rate of 0.51%, including three bond funds, one commodity fund, and one index fund, involving a total asset size of approximately 82.125 billion yuan. However, E Fund has an average asset management fee of less than 0.5% for only 17.493 billion yuan, including 2 bond funds, 1 commodity fund, and E Fund Shenzhen 100 ETF. To be more practical, this is the issue of asset quality, it depends on whether you have high-quality assets, "a fund company insider told reporters. If a fund company's funds are mainly equity funds, then these funds will contribute more to management fee income, and vice versa. At the same time, industry insiders pointed out that multiple fund companies issued new funds in the second half of last year, which greatly contributed to the growth of fund companies' asset size. However, the impact on the increase of management fees was relatively low, which is an important reason for the mismatch between asset size and management fees and the occurrence of "distortion". The asset size of fund companies is "bloated". In fact, in order to rank for size, money market funds with extremely low capital costs have become a magic weapon for some fund companies to compete for size. In the fourth quarter of last year, the inventory scale of multiple companies experienced a sharp increase. In the fourth quarter of last year, the size of a money market fund of a fund company suddenly surged by over 10 billion yuan, and the company rushed into the top ten in terms of size, becoming the fund company with the fastest increase in asset size ranking. Despite the explosive growth in the asset size of fixed income products in 2008, the fund product lines of various fund companies have been greatly enriched. However, due to the extremely low management fees of bond funds, commodity funds, and guaranteed funds, equity oriented funds still have an absolute advantage in contributing profits to fund companies. To a large extent, the "quality" of a fund company's assets is determined by the size of the equity oriented fund. In 2008, the asset size of China Post and Jingshun Great Wall shrank significantly, but the management fee income of both companies was quite stable, with Jingshun Great Wall's management fee income slightly decreasing by 0.2% year-on-year. In 2008, the asset size of China Post and Jingshun Great Wall decreased by 66% and 61% respectively, with asset sizes shrinking by 51.118 billion yuan and 65.22 billion yuan, respectively. However, the management fee income of the two companies was 655 million yuan and 952 million yuan, respectively. China Post has two "big cap" stock funds under its umbrella, and except for one commodity fund, all other funds of Jingshun Great Wall are equity funds. I want to leave a comment, as I have already received comments from _ netizens
Funds significantly increased their holdings in financial real estate in the first quarter. As fund companies gradually disclose their first quarter reports, what kind of layout have the influential fund managers made? Data shows that cyclical stocks such as finance, real estate, and non-ferrous metals have been favored by fund managers. As of yesterday, a total of 124 open-end funds under 16 fund companies have released their first quarter reports for 2009. According to Tianxiang's statistics, the total number of shares of the 124 funds mentioned above was 694.2 billion at the end of the first quarter, with a net redemption of 83.778 billion shares within one quarter, and a net redemption ratio of 10.77%. The overall redemption ratio is quite astonishing. However, the net redemption shares of the monetary fund reached 61.4 billion, accounting for three-quarters of the entire industry. Among the announced funds, the average redemption rate of money market funds has reached 52%, while stock market funds have only 1.83% and mixed market funds have only 0.13% of redemptions, indicating a highly stable scale. Regarding this, some industry insiders have stated that the highest concentration of subscription shares for stock funds is at 3000 points. If the market rebounds to this level, a wave of redemptions will emerge. From the data, it can be seen that there has been a significant change in the positions of stock funds. According to the Tianxiang calculation, the comparable fund stock positions among the 124 funds mentioned above reached 77.32% at the end of the first quarter of 2009, an increase of 9.48 percentage points compared to the previous quarter, which is a rare increase in positions in a bull market. Among them, the positions of stock based and hybrid open-end funds increased by 9.3 percentage points and 10.9 percentage points respectively. Among them, the average stock position of equity open-end funds (as of the end of Q1) has reached 79%, which is a bull market level. Although financial stocks have relatively weak gains compared to small cap stocks, data shows that financial stocks were the main force for fund holdings in the first quarter. According to WIND Information data, from the perspective of the allocation industry, 16 fund companies significantly increased their investment in the manufacturing industry in the first quarter. At the end of the first quarter, the market value of funds holding manufacturing accounted for 23.64% of their net value, an increase of 5.14% compared to the end of 2008. At the same time, the net value of funds in the three major industries of finance, machinery and equipment, and real estate also increased to a certain extent. Among them, the proportion of financial stocks held by the fund to its net asset value increased the most. As of the end of the first quarter, the proportion of financial stocks held by the fund to its net asset value reached 16.15%, an increase of 7.02% compared to the end of 2008. In the second quarter, based on the significant increase in holdings in the first quarter, multiple funds continue to show their favor towards the financial and real estate industries in their outlook for the second quarter. Among them, Dacheng Optimal Fund managed by Liu Ming, the investment director of Dacheng Fund, stated that it will adopt a more active position allocation in the second quarter, focusing on industries such as real estate, banking, and insurance that have significantly improved fundamentals and benefited from improved liquidity and inflation expectations. In addition to Dacheng Fund Management Company, fund companies such as Guangfa, Baoying, Great Wall, and Boshi also pointed out the investment value of the financial and real estate industries in their reports. In addition, energy, mechanical equipment, communication, and non-ferrous metals are also industries that the fund is optimistic about in the second quarter. The common reason given by funds for being optimistic about these industries is that the valuation level is at a lower level in the market, the stability of profits is stronger, and they will fully benefit from the improvement of the real economy. In the second quarter, there may be a first rise and then a second fall. With the continued strong performance of the market, fund companies are becoming more cautious compared to the first quarter. Minsheng Bank believes that the stock market is likely to rise first in the second quarter, and the stock index may reach the range of 2500-2700 at the beginning of the second quarter. However, due to the weakening of the motivation to replenish inventory and the unsustainable high growth of credit, the stock market may form an important downward adjustment turning point at the end of the second quarter, but the probability of falling below 1664 points is very small. The adjustment is an opportunity to attract high-quality companies and carry out industry and style rotation. Guangfa Small and Medium Cap pointed out in its first quarter report that in the second quarter of 2009, the A-share market may continue to rise for a period of time in the future, but from the fundamental perspective of enterprises, the A-share market should be classified as a high-risk area when the Shanghai Composite Index enters the range of over 2500 points. Our reporter, Jia Xiaoming
If the performance difference exceeds 12%, how much will the performance of different funds managed by the same fund manager differ? In the past quarter, the performance of various types of funds has been determined. From the existing data, it can be seen that the performance of funds managed by fund managers with a "one to many" approach is significantly differentiated, and even the performance of funds of the same type managed by the same fund manager differs by more than 12%. The fund performance report for the first quarter of 2009 recently released by Galaxy Securities Fund Research Center shows that the average net asset value of 164 equity funds increased by 23.46% in the first quarter of this year. The net asset value of the two funds managed solely by Guohai Franklin Fund Manager Zhang Xiaodong increased by 32.75% and 20.39% respectively, with a difference of 12.36% between the two. At the same time, a total of 13 "one to many" fund managers, including Huang Xin from Penghua Fund, also exhibit performance differentiation. Holders generally believe that the key to buying funds is the fund manager. However, different funds managed by the same fund manager have shown varying degrees of performance differences since the beginning of this year, which has brought considerable difficulty to judging the fund manager's level of fund management. Investors should not only choose fund managers with strong abilities, but also carefully distinguish the different risk return characteristics between the different types of funds managed by the fund manager, "said Zhuang Zheng, an analyst at Haomai Fund Research Center. Jiang Saichun, Chief Analyst of Desheng Fund Research Center, believes that fund managers have their own ability range. "Even strong fund managers who manage funds with a scale and quantity beyond their ability range will definitely have good or bad performance." The performance differentiation is obvious. Zhang Xiaodong, Chief Fund Manager of Guohai Franklin, manages the flexible market value and deepening value of Franklin Guohai, which has become the two funds with the largest performance gap among peers this year. According to the net asset value report of Galaxy Securities Fund Research Center on March 31st, the net asset value growth rate of deepening value this year has been 32.75%, surpassing the average growth rate of 23.46% for stock funds during the same period, ranking 14th among 164 comparable funds. The other elastic market value, established on June 14, 2006, ranked 107th with a net asset growth rate of 20.39%. The two funds managed by Zhang Xiaodong are both equity funds. But according to the official website of Guohai Franklin, the investment strategies of the two funds are different. Elastic market value is an investment strategy for rotating stock selection in large, medium, and small market value sectors. Deepening value is a dual screening process that focuses on selecting stocks that can deeply explore value, with higher requirements for stock selection ability. "From the 2008 annual reports disclosed by the two funds, it can be seen that although there are differences in investment strategies, there are many similarities in holding individual stocks and industry allocation. At the end of the period, the two funds held 28 and 24 individual stocks respectively, but jointly held up to 16 individual stocks. However, it is worth noting that the proportion of holdings in heavy stocks differed between the two funds.   In the first quarter of this year, the overall market rose by 30.34%, while salt lake potassium fertilizer rose by 12.58%. Jiang Saichun, Chief Analyst of Desheng Fund Research Center, said that generally speaking, differences in fund size can also be an important reason for performance differences. Large scale funds generally seek stability in their operations, while small-scale funds are relatively flexible and have a faster pace of establishing positions. As of the end of 2008, the flexible market value of Franklin Guohai was 4.128 billion shares, while the deepening value of Franklin Guohai was 692 million shares. Zhang Xiaodong also stated in an interview with this newspaper that the difference in scale is indeed one of the important reasons. The elastic market value had a position of around 60% at the end of last year, while the newly established deepening value increased its position by around 30% in the last month. These strong cyclical industries that have added positions have contributed significantly to the net value growth of deepening value this year. In addition, in the first quarter of this year, the deepening value was achieved by buying heavily at a low level and adding positions to Da Shang Shares and Salt Lake Potassium Fertilizer. During the first quarter, two stocks saw a slight increase, driving up the net value of deepening value. ”There are many fund managers, like Zhang Xiaodong, who independently manage two or more funds in the debate of "one to many". These funds also have varying degrees of performance differences. According to statistics from the Haomai Fund Research Center, among all open-end funds that have been established for three months, 13 fund managers independently manage 26 equity oriented funds (including both equity and allocation funds); 18 fund managers independently manage 36 fixed income funds, including both bond and money market funds; Six fund managers independently manage 12 index funds.   Both funds are managed solely by fund manager Huang Xin. The 2008 annual report showed that the former had a position of 58.26%, while Penghua Shengshi Innovation, established on October 10, 2008, had a position of only 19.96%. As of March 31st, Shengshi Innovation is nearing completion of warehouse construction. The net asset value of two flexible allocation funds under the Golden Eagle Fund, Golden Eagle Small and Medium Cap and Golden Eagle Dividend, increased by 39.49% and 33.88% respectively, with a difference of nearly 6% in net asset value increase between the two. The contract stipulates that the former's stock position is between 50% and 80%, while the latter's is between 30% and 80%. A fund manager told reporters that the differences in performance among different managed funds are also closely related to this year's market conditions. In 2007, almost all funds had the difference of earning a few extra points, which investors generally did not pay attention to. However, this year is different, as seizing opportunities in the market has a significant impact on net asset value. Multiple fund managers jointly manage a fund, which is known as another model of "one to many" in the market. Unlike the situation where a fund manager manages a fund alone, this approach is more similar to a team based management. Taking several funds under Huitianfu as an example, in addition to Chen Xiaoxiang serving as the fund manager for Huitianfu Value Selection, Pang Sa and Su Jing participated in the management of three equity and hybrid funds: Advantage Selection, Blue Chip Stable and Balanced Growth. Su Jing played a triangular role, serving as the fund manager for three funds, while Pang Sa was also responsible for managing the balanced growth and advantage selection of two funds. This group style management is more likely to result in similar investment ideas and strategies among various funds, "said the fund manager." There will not be significant differences in performance among the funds, and sometimes they may prosper together, but they may also suffer losses together. "Jiang Saichun said in an interview with our reporter that fund contracts are also an important reason for the similar performance of" one to many "funds. The contracts of many funds are quite vague in terms of investment targets and investment styles, which does not impose too many constraints on the operation of fund managers, and it is normal for performance to be the same. According to data from WIND Information, a total of 148 fund managers manage two or more funds alone or in cooperation with other fund managers. Since the beginning of this year, 19 funds have been established. Statistics show that this has led to over 600 funds currently available in the market. And in March alone, 11 new funds were being issued. The rapid increase in the number of funds has made fund managers even more scarce resources, "said the industry insider. The phenomenon of" one to two "and" one to many "is not difficult to understand. The person also stated that investors largely vote of trust in a fund manager when purchasing funds, but "just because a fund manager can manage a stock fund with a size of 2 billion does not mean they can also manage a mixed fund with a size of 10 billion.
The trading volume of tradable funds in the two markets increased more than decreased, with a total turnover of 3.217 billion yuan, slightly shrinking compared to the previous trading day. Four index funds rose and one fell, with an average increase of 0.65%. Among them, the Shenzhen 100 ETF and the SME board ETF led the way with gains of 1.29% and 1.27% respectively; Dividend ETF and 50ETF rose 0.81% and 0.21% respectively; The 180ETF fell 0.35%. , LOF funds did not experience any decline, with only CMB Growth closing flat, with an average increase of 0.53%. Among them, Great Wall Jiufu, Guangfa Xiaopan, Tianzhi Core, and Wanjia Public Utilities ranked first in terms of growth, with increases of 1.19%, 1.18%, 1.06%, and 1% respectively. Closed end funds saw more declines than gains, with 6 funds rising, 5 remaining flat, and 21 falling, with an average decline of 0.19%. Among them, CCB Advantage and Fund Anshun saw significant increases, rising by 0.84% and 0.55% respectively; Fund Tongyi experienced the largest decline, dropping by 0.7%. In addition, Dacheng Youxuan rose 0.18%, Fuguo Tianfeng closed flat, and Ruifu Enterprising fell 0.6%. China Merchants Securities believes that before the policy clearly shifts, the market will continue to deepen and appear to be shifting more from liquidity driven to fundamental support. However, the current market has reflected a biased optimistic outlook on the Chinese economy, and the strong data in March may further boost investors' optimistic expectations. If the data does not exceed expectations in the future, the market may exhibit volatility.
The recently released first quarter data of the fund shows that the fund maintained a high position operation in the first quarter. And recently, fund positions have reached a new high since last year. Many fund managers have stated in interviews that there are currently no plans to reduce their holdings. As of April 17th, data shows that since the beginning of this year, China Post Core Preferred Fund has ranked first in stock funds with a 54% return, followed closely by Shenzhen 100 ETF, Xingye Social Responsibility, Dividend ETF, Golden Eagle Small and Medium Cap, and Rongtong Shenzhen Stock Exchange 100 ETF, with a high net asset value ranking. For this round of rebound, some fund managers joked that "those who are brave enough to hold on, those who are cowardly enough to starve, as long as they dare to increase their positions, their performance will not be too bad". It is worth noting that the excellent performance of the three full position ETFs also indirectly confirms the direct impact of high positions on performance. The latest research report released by Tianxiang Investment Consulting yesterday showed that "the overall position of funds is stable, with an average position of 78.04%, an increase of 0.24 percentage points compared to the previous week, maintaining high position operation for three consecutive weeks. The average position of stock funds is 81.42%, an increase of 0.62% compared to the previous week, reaching a new high this year." As the market reaches a high of 2500 points, the divergence of funds towards the future is also beginning to emerge, directly reflected in their grasp of positions. According to the research report by Tianxiang, "Recently, the number of funds with positions exceeding 90% has increased, with a total of 67 funds. The number of funds with positions above 90% and below 60% has increased, while the number of funds between 70% and 90% has decreased. Funds such as Huashang Leading, Taixin High Quality, and Desheng Select have relatively high positions, all around the upper limit of 95%." The impact of positions on fund performance can be described as "a tiny difference, a thousand miles of loss. Many funds have turned the tide in this round of rebound with their high positions, while some funds lament missing out on the market. Several fund managers quickly reduced their positions to a very low level at 2300 points, saying, "I want to increase more now, but I'm afraid I'll hit the ceiling." Some new fund managers also hold this view. A fund manager who started building new fund positions in early March stated that due to his cautious view of the future market, he was not actively building positions and maintained a low level of holdings. There was basically no return in this round, and he is currently hesitant to add positions rashly. Industry insiders believe that with the support of liquidity exceeding expectations, A-shares are expected to continue to remain strong.
Zhang Yuanzhong: We have carefully studied this contract and believe that the breach is very obvious. Let me read this article to you. It stipulates that the fund shall not distribute dividends more than 12 times a year, and the annual dividends shall not exceed 12 times. The dividends shall not be less than 90% of the annual income. Through this clause, we believe that although you have not specified the frequency or minimum frequency, you should distribute 90% of the profits you receive each year, which should not be lower than this number. Currently, Southern Fund has not distributed this number, so we consider it a breach of contract. The first point I would like to add is whether this clause itself is very clear. Firstly, it should be clarified that it did not allocate this profit clearly. As for when to allocate this profit? Although the contract terms were not agreed upon, I admit that according to our Contract Law and General Principles of Civil Law, this issue can be resolved. How does the Contract Law stipulate this? When there is no agreement between the parties on the performance period of the contract, the rights holder may demand the obligor to perform at any time, but should give the other party necessary preparation time. I think the annual report of Southern Company was released on March 29th, 2008. It has been a year now, and the published annual report has a profit of over 9.7 billion yuan. Each fund can be divided into approximately 0.69 and 0.59 yuan, which is about this number. After a year without any dividends, I think investors can seek to fulfill their dividend obligations without any problem. The second point is that funds should distribute dividends in a timely manner when they meet the conditions for dividends, as stipulated in the Fund Law. Is it timely that you haven't received any profit for a year now? According to the interpretation of honesty and credit, failure to fulfill obligations for a year may not constitute timely action. So I believe that Southern Fund Company has an obligation to distribute dividends to investors. The third point to clarify is that the rights of investors have nothing to do with the decline of the stock market. It doesn't mean that if I make a profit, I won't distribute dividends, and if I lose now, I will distribute dividends. It just reminds investors of their rights after the decline. When people are hot headed during a bull market, they may not have thought about it. We often think about what we should do when tragedy occurs, and that's the truth. Related links: Zhang Yuanzhong and Jiang Saichun chat about the non red case of Southern Stability No.2, recorded video: Zhang Yuanzhong and Jiang Saichun chat about the non red case of Southern Stability No.2
The management fee income of fund companies exceeded 30 billion yuan, with Huaxia reaching 2.79 billion yuan. Leading Securities Times reporter Yang and Lei reported that the sharp decline in the stock market in 2008 led to a phenomenon of "high before low" management fee income of fund companies. In 2008, the management fee income of fund companies reached 30.7 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase of 9.2%. Among them, the fund management fee income in the first half of 2008 was 18.8 billion yuan, and in the second half of the year it reached 11.9 billion yuan, a decrease of 6.9 billion yuan compared to the first half of the year, with a decrease of 36.7%. According to Tianxiang Data, the average management fee scale of fund companies in 2008 was 520 million yuan, and for the first time, a fund company with an annual management fee exceeding 2 billion yuan appeared. Huaxia Fund Company was far ahead with a management fee of 2.79 billion yuan, nearly 1 billion yuan more than the second ranked Boshi Fund. The number of large fund companies with management fees exceeding 1 billion yuan increased from 7 companies to 9, and the management fee income of two fund companies, Shangtou Morgan and Hua'an, advanced to the 1 billion yuan mark. Boshi Fund, Southern Fund, E Fund, Jiashi Fund, Guangfa Fund, and Dacheng Fund ranked second to seventh in terms of fund management fee income, with management fee income of 1.82 billion yuan, 1.81 billion yuan, 1.64 billion yuan, 1.56 billion yuan, 1.33 billion yuan, and 1.22 billion yuan, respectively. From the perspective of single fund management fee income, the number of funds with annual management fees exceeding 200 million yuan has increased from 27 to 38. Among them, the number of funds with management fees exceeding 300 million yuan has also increased from 6 to 14. The funds with the highest management fees have changed owners, from 405 million yuan in the 2007 Jiashi Strategy Fund to 413 million yuan in the 2008 China Post Growth Fund. Industry insiders analyze that although the asset size of fund assets had decreased to 2 trillion yuan by the end of 2008, a year-on-year decrease of over a trillion yuan, the management fee income of fund companies could only exceed that of 2007 due to the scale and management fee foundation established in the first half of 2008. However, industry experts predict that the impact of the stock market downturn on fund company management fees will become apparent in 2009, with a certain degree of decline in fund company management fee income.
Third party payment for funds has surfaced, and the long silent third-party payment for funds is expected to open soon. According to sources, Huifu Tianxia, Huaxia Fund, and Minsheng Bank are likely to join hands to pilot it. As for the current situation, will the addition of third-party payments wrinkle this pool of spring water? Upon logging into the website of Huifu Tianxia, it can be found that its business scope has expanded to fund wealth management. However, when clicking on "Fund Wealth Management" and joining the link, there is currently only one company, Huaxia Fund, indicating that the pilot program for third-party payment of funds is ready, "the person said. Officials from the marketing department of Huifu Tianxia have also confirmed that the pilot program for third-party payment of funds is currently undergoing final approval. What is third-party payment? A fund trading and payment platform provided by a third-party independent institution that has signed contracts with multiple banks and has certain strength and reputation guarantee. Huifu Tianxia adopts an intermediary account model, where users select funds and make payments using accounts provided by third-party platforms; After the user confirms the payment, the third-party institution transfers the funds from the intermediary account to the bank account of the fund company. Currently, third-party payments are widely used for online shopping in China. It is understood that in the initial stage of the pilot, third-party payment for funds can only operate in a "three-point and one line" manner, that is, by using the third-party payment platform of Huifu Tianxia to purchase Huaxia's funds with Minsheng Bank's card, Minsheng Bank is also responsible for supervising the funding status of the payment platform. As early as next month, the third-party payment partners will expand to multiple small and medium-sized banks and other fund companies. According to the introduction on the website of Huifu Tianxia, with the addition of banks and fund companies, in the future, "investors can invest with any bank card, and fund companies can break through the limitations of custodian banks." "Whether using ChinaPay or third-party payment tools, whether funds are 'not deposited' or released through intermediate accounts, we will see the final effect - whether it is convenient to buy funds across banks. ”An elderly citizen said. Because of this, with the platform of ChinaPay not being implemented, the topic of third-party fund payments has been silent for a long time. At the end of 2007, the regulatory authorities stated that they had not approved any professional third-party payment institutions to provide fund sales payment services to fund management companies or fund sales agencies, and the policy for third-party payment of fund sales was being studied and formulated. In addition, authoritative sources have pointed out that there is still a qualification dispute over third-party payments, as the central bank has not yet introduced management measures for payment clearing organizations, which also increases regulatory difficulties. Three party payment transforms the relationship between banks and customers into that of a third party and customers, bypassing the threshold of central bank clearing and the fund supervision system. There may be regulatory loopholes and blind spots in interbank transactions and intermediary account operations.
The Shanghai Composite Index fell 0.44% to close at 3171.79 points; The Shenzhen Composite Index fell 0.43% to close at 3167.42 points; The trading volume of tradable funds in the two markets decreased more than increased, with a total turnover of 3.013 billion yuan, a decrease of 24.62% compared to the previous trading day. Index funds fell across the board, with a decrease of 0.62%. Among them, the dividend ETF and the Shenzhen 100 ETF experienced significant declines, falling by 1% and 0.83% respectively; The 180 ETF, 50 ETF, and SME board ETF fell by 0.48%, 0.44%, and 0.33%, respectively. 4 LOF funds rose, 6 remained flat, and 17 fell, with a decrease of 0.19%. Among them, the rising funds are Great Wall Jiufu, Wanjia Public, and Fuguo Tian Beneficial Rongtong Mega, with gains of 0.59%, 0.3%, 0.27%, and 0.26%, respectively; The efficiency of Dutch banks experienced the largest decline, dropping by 0.93%. 7 closed-end funds rose, 2 remained flat, and 23 fell, with a decrease of 0.4%. Among them, Fund Tianhua and Fund Kerui experienced significant declines, falling by 1.35% and 1.29% respectively; The fund experienced the largest decline, with a decrease of 1.87%; In addition, Ruifu Enterprise and Dacheng Youxuan fell 0.41% and 0.2% respectively, while Jianxin Advantage and Fuguo Tianfeng rose 0.18% and 0.77% respectively. Industry insiders pointed out that yesterday, there was heavy selling pressure on non-ferrous metals, real estate, and steel, and most indicator stocks saw slight consolidation. Overall, the support of the five-day moving average of the stock index has been tested. Blue chip stocks such as non-ferrous metals, steel, and real estate have shown weak trends. On Friday, the US stock market was dragged down by financial stocks, which also suppressed the financial stock trend of A-shares and dragged down the stock index. The Shanghai Composite Index has been fluctuating below 2400 points for several consecutive days, and prolonged trading may be detrimental to multiple parties. Currently, the driving force behind the stock index's breakthrough is still unclear, and investors still need to remain cautious in their operations and pay attention to controlling their positions.
The Dongwu Enterprising Strategy Fund will issue its fifth product, the Dongwu Enterprising Strategy Hybrid Fund, starting from March 30th. Investors can subscribe through sales channels such as agriculture, industry, construction, transportation, and postal savings, as well as through the company's direct sales counter or online trading. The stock investment range of the fund is 30% -80%, and the bond investment range is 0-70%. The fund manager will be Wang Jiong, the investment director of the company and the manager of Dongwu Double Power Fund. According to the head of the Product Strategy Department of Dongwu Fund, , After the previous unilateral rise and fall in the A-share market, the future market will be dominated by volatile market trends and structural investment opportunities. In response to such operational characteristics, the Dongwu Enterprising Strategy Fund issued this time has formulated a flexible investment scope that combines stocks and bonds, as well as a "Samadhi True Fire" investment strategy to seek growth oriented individual stock investment opportunities from the beginning of its design. Its Samadhi True Fire investment strategy mainly divides growth stocks into three categories: long-term rapid growth, cyclical growth, and transformational growth, based on the two levels of intrinsic and extrinsic growth of the enterprise, in order to seize these three types of growth stocks and strategically operate them to improve investment returns. Express reporter, Wang Huijuan
Huabao Xingye Cash Treasure has newly added sales outlets. Huabao Xingye Fund Company's Jinbao Money Market Fund has recently been fully listed for sale on the Agricultural Bank of China and CITIC Bank. Investors can apply for and redeem cash market funds at the national branches of Agricultural Bank of China and China CITIC Bank. In addition to Cash Treasure, Huabao Xingye has also added 5 fund products including Huabao Xingye Multi Strategy Growth to be sold on the Agricultural Bank of China's OTC market. At the same time, 8 fund products including Huabao Xingye Multi Strategy Growth have also been added to be sold on the OTC market of Huabao Securities. Analysts say that with the increasing maturity of the domestic fund industry, the trend of banks, securities firms and other fund sales channel resources tilting towards some leading fund companies is becoming more and more apparent, especially fund companies with stable and leading long-term overall performance are more likely to be favored by fund sales channels.
47 funds clustered together in Seven Wolves, breaking through in volume for two consecutive days. According to the 2008 Seven Wolves annual report, the company achieved a revenue of 1.653 billion yuan last year, a year-on-year increase of 88.56%; The net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company was 153 million yuan, a year-on-year increase of 72.50%. Basic earnings per share of 0.54 yuan, a year-on-year increase of 54.29%, with a distribution plan of "10 to 1 yuan" (including tax). Seven Wolves' net profit increased by 72.5% year-on-year in 2008, which is not common among similar clothing listed companies. Previously, the leisure clothing brand Meibang Apparel only saw a 61.4% increase in performance in 2008. According to the 2008 annual report of Seven Wolves, the largest shareholder Seven Wolves Group holds 40.71% of the total shares, the second largest shareholder Xiamen Laierfu Trading Co., Ltd. holds 10.86% of the total shares, and the tenth largest shareholder is Jinjiang Jianli Plastic Color Printing Co., Ltd., holding 1.62% of the total shares. These three major shareholders hold a total of 53.19% of Seven Wolves' shares. In addition, the other major shareholders of Seven Wolves are all funds. Unlike companies like Shanshan Corporation and Yagor, which have huge investment returns, 98% of Seven Wolves' main business income comes from its clothing business. In fact, since September last year, Seven Wolves has achieved full circulation, with a total share capital of only 283 million shares, and the share capital structure is extremely dispersed, making the fund extremely easy to control. It is worth noting that as of the end of last year, among the 47 funds holding Seven Wolves, 40 funds were newly acquired and 2 funds were increased holdings, including 6 funds from Huabao Xingye increasing holdings by 5.8951 million shares, 4 funds from Jingshun Changcheng increasing holdings by 2.2723 million shares, 8 funds from E Fund Holdings increasing holdings by 2.6284 million shares, 3 funds from Yinhua increasing holdings by 6.9155 million shares, and 2 funds from AIA Huatai establishing holdings by 4.261 million shares. In addition, the social security 104 combination has also built a new warehouse with 6.0004 million shares of Seven Wolves. Seven Wolves has broken through in volume for two consecutive days, rising 7.28% yesterday and closing at 13.41 yuan. (Daily)
The fund elephant dances, sticking to finance and real estate in the second quarter. As a reporter for 21st Century Business Herald, Cao Yuan said, "It's difficult to operate a fund, and even harder to operate a large fund. If you can operate a large fund well, it will be even more difficult." The current fund manager of a fund company in Shenzhen said. Last year, the person switched from a smaller fund company to a large fund company, and this person has a deep understanding of this. But it can be pleasantly surprised to find that in the market environment suitable for the survival of small and medium-sized fund companies in the first quarter, some large fund companies have also made outstanding moves. Among the "elephants", E Fund has the highest return. Currently, there are many indicators that evaluate the ability of fund companies. However, in terms of the ability to create wealth for investors, the industry commonly uses two indicators: share weighted average return rate and size weighted average return rate. According to Li Wei, an analyst at Galaxy Securities Fund, due to the large fluctuations in fund size, the weighted average return rate of shares is usually used as an indicator to evaluate the return of fund companies to investors, which can reflect their true wealth creation ability. This indicator calculates the return rate of each fund by weighting the different funds under the fund company based on the number of shares, and then taking a weighted average. Li Wei said that small and medium-sized fund companies often win in this indicator, because large fund companies have rich products and large scales, and it is not easy to surpass the industry average level. However, in the statistics of the fourth quarter of last year, among the top six fund companies with a market share exceeding 100 billion shares (Huaxia 197.2 billion shares, Jiashi 186.6 billion shares, Boshi 164.8 billion shares, Nanfang 131.4 billion shares, Dacheng 118.5 billion shares, and E Fund 106.4 billion shares), two companies' equity funds had a weighted average return rate higher than the market average. Proved that elephants can also dance. According to Tianxiang Investment Consulting, in the first quarter, the weighted average return rate of 323 equity funds under 60 fund companies was 23.27%. Among the top six fund companies, E Fund Management outperformed the industry average with a return rate of 24.92% and Dacheng with a return rate of 24.85%. Although the Huaxia stock market achieved a high return of 37.76% in the first quarter, the overall weighted return rate of Huaxia equity funds was 19.75%, while Southern and Jiashi were 18.16% and 18.10% respectively, and Boshi was 20.87%. Overall, in the first quarter, the difference in share return rate reflects the difference in strategy for the "elephant" dance steps. In the first quarter, the Shanghai Composite Index rose 28.35%, and the Shanghai and Shenzhen 300 Index rose 35.68%. Li Wei said that this wave is a relatively strong upward trend, and if the company's strategy is positive, the results will be better. Specifically for each fund company. Chen Zhimin, the investment director of E Fund, introduced that the company's good average return on shares is due to the performance of its value growth fund. The fund had 19.6 billion shares at the end of the fourth quarter last year, accounting for 20% of its 13 equity funds. And the net asset value growth rate of the fund in the first quarter was as high as 32.6%. Chen Zhimin said that by the end of last year, the fund had increased its holdings to 86%. Moreover, in the first quarter, the industry allocation and individual stock selection kept up with market trends, resulting in higher returns. At the same time, other equity funds under E Fund also performed relatively well, raising the average performance return. Among the 11 equity funds under Dacheng Fund, except for Fund Jinghong, whose quarterly net asset value growth was only 17.96%, the remaining 10 were all between 20% and 30%, which is relatively average and demonstrates Dacheng's ability to work collectively. You can see Dacheng's stock selection ability in stocks such as Goldwind Technology and Salt Lake Potassium Fertilizer. Zhang Jianhui, Director of the Fund Research Center at Guojin Securities, believes that large funds such as Huaxia and Jiashi, in addition to being cautious in their strategies in the first quarter, have also lowered their overall return rates due to their longer product lines. There are 15 equity funds under Huaxia, with returns ranging from 37.76% to 8.5%, with significant differences. The return rates of 10 equity funds under Jiashi are in the range of 35.31% -10.92%. On April 8th, the A-share market experienced its largest adjustment since entering the second quarter, with a focus on finance and real estate. The Shanghai Composite Index fell 91.64 points, a decrease of 3.76%. Chen Zhimin, the investment director of E Fund, believes that one reason for the market adjustment is the news that the newly added loan volume in March may reach 1.87 trillion yuan, exceeding market expectations, leading the market to judge that the government will adjust its loose monetary policy. But Chen Zhimin said that the adjustment may not yet become the main tone of the second quarter. Chen Zhimin pointed out that the most important thing in the second quarter is whether the government's investment and credit funds can quickly enter the real economy. He judged that under normal circumstances, the effect would be seen in the second quarter, with the alleviation of overcapacity in enterprises and the recovery of profits. On the other hand, according to sources from Dacheng Fund, the company has shifted its main battlefield for the second quarter funding battle to finance, real estate, steel, construction materials, transportation, petrochemicals and chemicals, and resource products (non-ferrous metals, coal, electricity). Dacheng will control the overall position in the second quarter at around 75%, with a fluctuation range of 10 points above and below. However, considering the positive macroeconomic fundamentals, we insist on holding positions higher than the market average and rapidly rotating in industries and sectors. In terms of specific operations, Dacheng has three ideas: firstly, firmly holding high-quality second tier blue chips; Secondly, actively buy into early cycle industries; Thirdly, track and assess the fundamentals and policies, and gradually increase holdings in high cycle industry stocks.
Fund annual report fully disclosed: 418 funds lost 1.5 trillion yuan □ Morning News reporter Li Rui 1.5 trillion yuan! An astonishing loss figure is also the 'total report card' of all funds last year. According to statistics from WIND Information, as of yesterday, the 2008 annual reports of 60 fund companies have been fully disclosed, while 418 funds suffered a loss of 1.5 trillion yuan for the whole year. Compared to the profit of 1.1 trillion yuan in 2007, the fund performance can be considered a roller coaster ride. However, despite huge losses across the industry, fund management fee income has reached a new high. A loss of 1.5 trillion yuan is a foregone conclusion. Yesterday, with the release of annual reports from 60 fund companies, the disclosure of the fund's 2008 annual report was successfully concluded. As expected earlier, funds, especially equity funds, suffered heavy losses during the unilateral downturn in 2008, and losses were a foregone conclusion. Only with accurate loss data will investors know the extent of the fund's damage in 2008. The above statistical data shows that 418 funds suffered overall losses in 2008, with a record breaking total loss of 1.5 trillion yuan. Undoubtedly, equity funds have become the "absolute big losers", with a total loss of 1.52 trillion yuan last year, of which 204 equity funds lost 1.02 trillion yuan during the same period. The low-risk advantages of bond funds and money market funds have emerged, both achieving positive returns during the same period, making them one of the few bright spots in the market. In addition, the losses of QDII funds are also noteworthy. At present, after excluding the suspended Hua'an International allocation, there are a total of 9 QDII funds in the market. Although the number is not large, the total amount of losses is not low. The above data indicates that the 9 QDII funds suffered an overall loss of 50.504 billion yuan last year, while their unit net values were all below face value, with the lowest being only in the "three mao range". Compared to the overall loss of the fund, the management fee income of the fund has reached a new high. According to statistics from WIND Information, 60 fund companies achieved a total management fee income of 30.722 billion yuan last year, a year-on-year increase of over 9%, setting a new high in recent times. As is well known, after deducting expenses for channels, management fees are the main source of income for fund companies. From the perspective of specific fund companies, with the rapid expansion of the fund market, while the management fees of fund companies are rapidly increasing, there has also been a "wealth gap" differentiation. It is obvious that fund companies with large management scales and large fund shares have significantly higher management fee income rankings. Among them, Huaxia Fund Company is far ahead with a management fee of 2.79 billion yuan, nearly 1 billion yuan more than the second place Boshi Fund. There are 9 large fund companies with management fee income exceeding 1 billion yuan. In addition to Huaxia Fund, Boshi Fund, Nanfang Fund, E Fund, Jiashi Fund, Guangfa Fund, and Dacheng Fund follow closely behind, with management fee income of 1.82 billion yuan, 1.81 billion yuan, 1.64 billion yuan, 1.56 billion yuan, 1.33 billion yuan, and 1.22 billion yuan respectively, while Shangtou Morgan and Hua'an Fund Company's management fee income has advanced to the 1 billion yuan mark. Among the lower ranked fund companies, some have management fee income of only over 10 million yuan. This year, there is a significant increase in opportunities for funds to predict the A-share market in 2009, and overall performance is cautiously optimistic. Looking ahead to the stock market in 2009, Southern Active Allocation believes that this year will be a year of gradual recovery after the heavy decline in 2008, with active mergers and acquisitions of enterprises. Looking around the world, the Chinese economy has the conditions and advantages to be the first to recover. Although the short-term macroeconomic outlook is not optimistic, it is a good opportunity for advantageous enterprises to develop. Therefore, funds generally believe that the market performance in 2009 will tend to stabilize, and structural investment opportunities will significantly increase compared to 2008. Similarly, Huaxia Strategy Selection points out that risks and opportunities coexist in the stock market in 2009, and strategy choices can be more proactive than in 2008. We will continue to steadily increase our stock investment efforts, and in the liquidity driven market, focus on thematic investment opportunities. E Fund Value Selection, on the other hand, stated that under the backdrop of loose monetary policy and sustained economic stimulus policies, the stock market activity has significantly increased, and there may be more interim investment opportunities in the A-share market in 2009.
Absolute return strategy, Baokang flexible allocation fund manager assistant, Hu Geyou. At the beginning of the year, industry investors generally expected that 2009 would be a volatile market, and being able to achieve an absolute return of more than ten to twenty percent for the whole year would be satisfying. However, the market performance has exceeded the general expectations of the market. In just three months since the beginning of the year, the Shanghai and Shenzhen 300 Index has risen by 37.4%. Although there have been several small adjustments in the middle, the overall trend is upward. If we had followed the expectations at the beginning of the year, the current earnings would have been safe long ago. But market expectations are also constantly changing, and the voices in the market that the economy has reversed are also high. The optimistic claims of the bulls and the pessimistic views that were previously bearish are competing in the elusive market situation, each holding their own opinions. From the perspective of economic fundamentals, there are indeed many uncertain factors: the 4 trillion yuan investment has a significant impact on infrastructure, people's livelihoods, energy conservation and other fields, but the decline in investment in other industries such as real estate is also inevitable; After experiencing inventory replenishment in the early stage, the short-term price trend of cyclical products such as steel has turned downward, indicating that demand has not continued to improve; The consumer market is still relatively weak and requires further policy stimulus; Exports may be the biggest uncertain factor in the coming months, and there will be no significant improvement in the short term due to the impact of the global economy. Therefore, in the short term, the economic foundation for a significant increase in the stock market is not established. People always want to use all their tricks to predict the future, but it is so difficult to predict market trends, especially in a situation where economic fundamentals are uncertain. This reminds me of our company's investment philosophy of 'adhering to investment boundaries, strategy surpasses prediction'. The market is difficult to predict accurately, and strategy is more important than prediction; We need to develop effective investment strategies based on the different characteristics of the market. Practice has also proven that adhering to established effective investment strategies is more important than prediction. An effective strategy is statistically explained as following a high probability event. Therefore, since it is a high probability event, the key to its success is first to persist. From the perspective of investment purposes alone, it can be divided into two strategies: pursuing absolute returns and pursuing relative returns. The market generally measures fund performance with relative returns as the target. We believe that under specific market conditions, it is advisable to try to target absolute returns, especially for allocation funds with flexible position changes. In uncertain markets, pursuing absolute returns may be a prudent strategy. The strategy of pursuing absolute returns is essentially buying low and selling high, and the criteria for high and low depend on investors' judgment of stock value. When the expected returns have been achieved and it is unclear what will happen next, adopting a cautious strategy is also a responsible choice.
According to WIND statistics, the Shanghai Composite Index rose 30.34% in the first quarter of this year, while the average net asset value growth rate of 294 open-ended equity funds was 22.39%, with only 44 funds outperforming the market. Amidst the overall underperformance of equity funds, all equity funds under Huashang Fund have achieved returns of over 30%, demonstrating remarkable investment performance. Since the beginning of this year, the performance differentiation of equity funds has been quite severe. As of the end of the first quarter, the difference between the highest and lowest returns of open-ended equity funds exceeded 40%. Industry insiders analyze that due to the severe market volatility and numerous uncertain factors this year, high demands have been placed on the investment research capabilities of fund companies. All of its funds are able to outperform the market at the same time, demonstrating the company's outstanding overall investment and research capabilities as well as its ability to grasp the market. According to WIND data statistics, only the funds under Huashang and China Post managed to outperform the market in the first quarter of this year. According to data from the Galaxy Fund Research Center, leading companies in Huashang rank fourth among mixed equity funds with a return rate of 32.89%; Huashang Shengshi Growth ranked third among the newly established funds last year with a return rate of 33.05%. Industry insiders further analyzed and pointed out that from the recently released annual reports of Huashang Leading and Huashang Shengshi funds, it can be seen that the investment styles of the two funds are completely different, with their own unique strengths in stock selection and timing. In the end, similar performance was achieved, indicating that Huashang Fund was able to closely follow the market pulse in choosing investment timing and direction, which is the key to the overall rapid improvement of the company's investment performance this year. (Xin, Shui)
The fund was launched on April 9th and raised a total of HKD 160 million. Since 2007, the approval process for domestic A-share funds has been greatly opened, and the frequency of fund issuances has reached a historical peak. But ETF funds have delivered a "zero" answer sheet. However, during this period, overseas institutions successively established A-share ETF funds.   On October 23rd, Nomura Shanghai Stock Exchange listed 50 ETFs on the Osaka Stock Exchange. However, domestic A-share funds are brewing a new round of ETF boom, which may exceed that of 2006. According to incomplete statistics, at least 6 fund companies are currently planning 7 ETF funds. On April 23rd, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and China Securities Index Co., Ltd. recently announced the release of the Shanghai Super Index. According to the person in charge of the Market Department of Boshi Fund, Boshi has obtained authorization to develop ETFs using the Shanghai Stock Exchange Super Index. The relevant ETF product plan is about to be submitted and is expected to be launched within the year. Not long ago, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and China Securities Index Co., Ltd. officially released the Shanghai Central Enterprises 50 Index on March 16th. According to relevant departments of ICBC Credit Suisse, ICBC Credit Suisse Fund Management Co., Ltd. has obtained authorization to use the Shanghai Central Enterprise 50 Index, and the relevant ETF product plan has been reported, which is expected to be launched within the year. The Shanghai and Shenzhen 300 ETF products prepared by AIA Huatai Fund have been reported to the China Securities Regulatory Commission, and the Shanghai 180 Corporate Governance ETF products prepared by Huaxia Fund and intended to be launched by Bank of Communications Schroder Fund are also in the preparation process. It is reported that Jiashi has also been authorized to develop the CSI 300 ETF, while Huaxia has also been authorized to develop the CSI 100 ETF. According to a fund company in Guangzhou, the company is also in communication with CSI Index Company to obtain ETF authorization for an index. If the above-mentioned products are approved this year, then 2009 will undoubtedly be another peak year for the number of ETF products in China. And the previous peak year was three years ago. The first ETF traded on the Chinese Stock Exchange was the SSE 50 ETF developed by Huaxia Fund, which was listed and traded on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2004. After a year, a total of four ETF funds were issued in 2006, namely the Hua'an SSE 180 ETF, AIA Dividend ETF, E Fund, Shenzhen Stock Exchange 100 ETF, and Huaxia SME Board ETF. The first two are traded on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, while the last two are traded on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. But in the following three years, among the more than 200 funds issued by domestic fund companies, there was not a single ETF fund. This is in stark contrast to the international trend during this period. In 1990, the Toronto Stock Exchange in Canada launched the world's first ETF product: "Toronto, Index, Participation, Units, TIPS". Since 2006, ETF products have entered a period of rapid growth, during which the issuance speed of ETFs has greatly increased compared to before, the number has shown a linear upward trend, and the asset size has also rapidly increased, becoming an asset class that has attracted market attention. As of the end of 2008, there were a total of 2658 ETF 1590 listed products worldwide, with a total asset size of 711 billion US dollars. There are 85 global ETF managers, with a total of 42 trading all ETF products listed for trading. Why are so many companies preparing ETF funds at this time? Due to the combination of multiple factors. Firstly, for fund management companies, launching ETF products is the simplest product strategy when the direction of the securities market is uncertain. A person from the product design department of a certain fund company in Shanghai told reporters that the mainstream market judgment in 2009 was a "volatile market", which made stock selection even more difficult. The best solution is to launch ETF funds for passive management. In fact, during the previous peak of ETFs, there were significant differences in the direction of A-shares in the market. On the other hand, the two most important factors that test the success of an ETF are the fund's asset size and trading volume. The larger the asset size, the more people are willing to subscribe and hold the fund; The larger the trading volume of ETFs, the more active they are in the secondary market, making it easier for investors to liquidate in the market and lower liquidity risk. At the same time, the country is implementing a relatively loose monetary policy, releasing huge liquidity for the market. At this time, the launch of ETFs can hold optimistic estimates in terms of both initial launch size and future trading volume. Once again, fund companies are facing innovation exhaustion, and ETFs can find a new path. Although the China Securities Regulatory Commission has opened a "green channel" for fund innovation products, there have been no successful cases so far. According to the head of the product department of a fund company in Shenzhen, in the case of relatively single investment targets, products developed by seven or eight companies were considered insufficiently innovative and were rejected by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. But ETFs may be able to walk the "green channel" through index innovation. According to the marketing department of ICBC Credit Suisse, the company plans to prepare a 50 ETF for state-owned enterprises through a "green channel". From the perspective of product differentiation within the fund company itself. Many large fund companies have already diversified their product lines in the existing investment environment, and passively managed ETF funds can achieve differentiation. Another aspect to note is that if ETF funds perform well, they can maintain their share growth in various market conditions. For the income of fund companies, there is no need to allocate funds to hedge the risks of redemption and decline of equity funds. In the first 10 months of 2008, global mutual funds (excluding ETFs) had a net outflow of $256.7 billion, but ETFs achieved a net inflow of $187.5 billion, resulting in a 10% reduction in ETF asset size despite an average decline of 42% in the global securities market. Chinese ETFs perform even better. According to Wind statistics, compared to the end of 2007, only one out of five ETF funds experienced a decline in shares at the end of last year. The total share increased by 7.8 billion shares. Institutions are the main supporters of ETFs. By simple arithmetic mean calculation, the holding ratio of 5 ETF institutions reached 36%. This result is not surprising, as only institutions can engage in ETF arbitrage. But a FOF investment manager from a securities firm in East China said, 'Our proprietary and I have also tried ETF arbitrage and have specialized software, but the arbitrage effect is not good.'. ”He believes that institutional purchases of ETFs are mainly for trend analysis. In fact, if we look at it from a larger perspective, the emergence of ETFs in batches this year is not accidental, but an inevitable trend. ”The person from the product design department of the aforementioned Shanghai fund company said. For a period of time, active investment has often been able to overcome passive investment. But after the completion of the stock reform, especially after the unlocking of non tradable shares, this situation will reverse. In fact, most active equity funds did not outperform the market last year, but they did not outperform the Shanghai and Shenzhen 300, "he explained. This is because before the stock reform, the circulation scale was small and the advantages of funds were large. But after the stock reform, the market size grew larger and the dominance of funds decreased. On the other hand, due to the increasing size of funds and fund companies themselves, the "Double Ten" restrictions also make it difficult for active investment to surpass the index. The upcoming ETF product has multiple new features compared to the ETF funds that are currently being prepared and those that have already been issued. What is particularly noteworthy is the emergence of industry ETFs. On January 9th of this year, CSI Index Company officially released the SSE Industry Index and SSE 180 Style Index series. The Shanghai Stock Exchange Industry Index includes the Shanghai Energy Industry Index, Shanghai Raw Materials Industry Index, Shanghai Industrial Industry Index, Shanghai Optional Consumer Industry Index, Shanghai Major Consumer Industry Index, Shanghai Medical and Health Industry Index, Shanghai Financial Real Estate Industry Index, Shanghai Information Technology Industry Index, Shanghai Telecommunications Industry Index, and Shanghai Public Utility Industry Index. The selection of which index by Huaxia Fund as the first industry ETF product for A-shares has not been disclosed to the outside world. Guotai Junan Securities researcher He Miao said that industry ETFs are already very developed overseas, and Huaxia Fund was the first to take the crab in China. On the one hand, it already has a large cap and a small cap ETF, and industry ETFs will be a perfect complement to its product line. On the other hand, industry ETFs that are first released can have exclusivity over other funds. Another prominent feature is that there are currently two fund companies preparing for the CSI 300 ETF. They are AIA Huatai and Bank of Communications Schroder respectively. This indicates that the competition for the classic indicator of Shanghai and Shenzhen 300 has extended to the ETF field. He Miao believes that since the indicators selected for stock index futures are likely to be the Shanghai and Shenzhen 300, fund companies can gain more institutional attention by focusing on Shanghai and Shenzhen. In fact, except for Huaxia Industry, the tracking targets of the ETFs being prepared this time are all broad-based indices (the requirements for broad-based indices include: 1. containing 9 or more stocks; 2. a single component equity weight not exceeding 30%; 3. each component stock is a large cap stock). Whether it is the central enterprise 50 or the super large cap, whether it is the Shanghai and Shenzhen 300 or the CSI 100, they all belong to broad-based indices. This is in stark contrast to the two small and medium-sized ETFs that emerged in 2006. He Miao believes that the constituent stocks of the broad-based index are all large blue chip stocks with stable investment expectations, and the frequency of component changes is relatively small, making them less susceptible to arbitrage. This leads to another characteristic. The indices currently being prepared are all published by China Securities Index Corporation and the Shanghai Stock Exchange. He Miao explained that the two existing small and medium-sized ETFs have already selected high-quality companies from the small and medium-sized board, especially the index benchmark chosen by the Huaxia Small and Medium sized Board is the Small and Medium sized Board 100 ETF. Faced with only over 200 small and medium-sized board stocks, it is difficult to create new indices. However, the above characteristics also raise some issues. Among the ETF products currently listed for trading, the differences are very obvious. But the ETFs being prepared are all moving closer to the market. The constituent stocks of the selected index account for more than 40% of the total market value, and most of them are financial stocks with obvious homogenization.
The wealth effect of the second new stock fund reappears. With the continuous recovery of the market, the excellent profit-making effect of the second new fund, which successfully copied the bottom last year, has once again emerged. The best performing second new active stock fund has achieved a return of over 30% since its establishment. According to the latest survey by Panoramic Network, 34.55% of the surveyed investors stated that they would first choose to invest in a new fund, exceeding the proportion of choosing a new fund by 10%. According to Wind statistics, since the market rebounded in the fourth quarter of last year until April 13th of this year, all 18 new active stock funds established after October last year have achieved profits. Among them, there are 9 funds with a return rate exceeding 20% and 4 funds with a return rate exceeding 30%. The Huabao Xingye Large Cap Selected Fund, established on October 7th last year, has achieved a high return of 35.14% as of April 13th, ranking first among the second new active stock funds. It is reported that during last year's stock market downturn, most of the sub new funds adopted a cautious position building strategy. However, during this year's market rise, some sub new funds have been able to leverage their small-scale advantages, with flexible operations and performance comparable to the best old funds. As the market continues to rise, the pressure of fund and market sell offs is gradually increasing. However, there is also a noticeable rebound in the inflow of funds from newly established funds, which often come from experienced old fund holders. For the market trend in the second quarter, the Hua'an Investment Research Team pointed out in the recently released Q2 strategy report that the market is expected to continue a wide range of fluctuations in the second quarter. Before the expectation of economic recovery is fully confirmed and strengthened, the market has the momentum to repeatedly fluctuate and rise. The report states that theme investment has strong vitality, and the structural differentiation of individual stocks and the activity of theme investment remain the main means of obtaining excess returns.
Southern Dolly Enhanced Bond Fund will distribute dividends of 0.48 yuan per 10 shares. On April 8th, Southern Fund announced on Wednesday that its Southern Dolly Enhanced Bond Fund will conduct its 14th income distribution since its establishment. Based on the distributable income realized on April 7th, 2009, it plans to distribute dividends of 0.48 yuan per 10 fund shares. The equity registration date and ex dividend date are April 10th, the cash dividend distribution date is April 13th, and the redemption start date for fund shares reinvested in dividends is April 14th. (Panoramic Network/Chen Danrong)
Umbrella funds want to borrow industry ETFs to make a comeback. After the financial crisis, industry ETFs have become particularly popular. Because many institutional investors hope to diversify their risks through industry ETFs and seize opportunities during periods of significant market volatility. However, most financial products are difficult to compare with ETFs in terms of flexibility, liquidity, cost-effectiveness, and ease of buying and selling.   The reporter recently learned that an umbrella ETF product tracking the Shanghai Stock Exchange industry index under a large fund company has been formed and is ready to be submitted for regulatory approval. This also confirms the Shanghai Stock Exchange's plan to launch industry ETFs such as financial and consumer indices in 2009, which was proposed earlier this year. The reporter learned that the first batch of industry ETFs planned to be launched will track the Shanghai Stock Exchange Industry Index. The index was officially launched in January this year and is divided into 10 major industries: energy, materials, industry, optional consumption, consumption, medicine, finance and real estate, information, telecommunications, and public utilities. Each industry index has 20 to 50 constituent stocks. Industry insiders expect that fund companies will select two to three industries from these industry indices to launch umbrella industry ETF funds. Among major industries, the Shanghai Financial Real Estate Industry Index is considered the preferred industry ETF tracking index. This index includes 30 stocks from the banking, insurance, securities, and real estate industries listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, with a total circulating market value exceeding 1.3 trillion yuan, accounting for more than 1/4 of the total circulating market value of the Shanghai Stock Exchange. It is the industry with the highest circulating market value among the top ten industries. According to relevant reports, a senior official from the Shanghai Stock Exchange revealed at a work conference at the beginning of this year that in 2009, in addition to striving to launch the CSI 300 ETF, efforts will also be made to launch industry ETFs such as financial stock indices and consumer indices. Since last year's financial crisis, unexpected events in both international and domestic markets have made the industry realize the importance of ETFs.   Ho Man Lue, Head of ETFs at Fa Hing Securities (Hong Kong) Asia, stated that industry ETFs have been particularly popular after the financial crisis, as many institutional investors hope to diversify their risks through industry ETFs, such as replacing individual bank shares with financial industry ETFs. More importantly, seizing opportunities in volatile market conditions is the key to success, and most financial products are difficult to compare with ETFs in terms of flexibility, liquidity, cost-effectiveness, and ease of buying and selling. It is reported that after more than 4 years of development, the familiarity and research level of ETFs in the domestic securities and fund industry has made a qualitative leap. Many securities research institutes and important business departments have trained a group of personnel proficient in ETF arbitrage and trading. They participate in every major ETF arbitrage opportunity, such as the arbitrage of stocks related to long-term suspended trading in the second half of last year, such as Yangtze Power, Salt Lake Potash, and Yuntianhua. Industry insiders analyze that the five existing products in the fund industry, including the SSE 50 ETF and SZSE 100 ETF, are increasingly unable to meet the demand, and investors need more distinctive ETF products. The trend of domestic ETF product segmentation is becoming increasingly evident. In addition to ETFs that focus on investing in large cap stocks such as the Shanghai and Shenzhen 300 ETFs and the Central Enterprise 50 ETFs, the environment for the launch of industry ETFs is also becoming more mature. Ma Yongshan, Research Director of the Fund Research Department of Galaxy Securities, believes that industry ETFs can not only meet investors' investment needs to avoid single stock risks and share industry growth, but also be combined with stock index futures for industry hedging and arbitrage in the future. This kind of arbitrage is that if an investor expects a certain industry to perform relatively better than others in the future, they can buy an ETF in that industry and then bearish on the CSI 300 futures, and obtain investment returns through industry hedging arbitrage. Umbrella funds have been dormant for 5 years. Since the establishment of Guotai Bond and Guotai Select Umbrella Funds under Guotai Fund Company in December 2003, no umbrella fund has been launched in China. In 2003, 9 fund companies launched 9 sets of umbrella funds, with a total of 24 open-end funds under their umbrella. Why haven't umbrella funds launched any new products in the past 5 years? Fund conversion, investment style drift, and avoidance of approval are considered the main reasons. In 2003, different open-end funds under a fund company could not be freely converted, and one of the major selling points of umbrella funds at that time was fund conversion. However, after 2005, fund conversion has been widely introduced, and sometimes the conversion fee is even more convenient than that between umbrella funds. Umbrella funds have lost this selling point. In fact, there were also industry funds in the past umbrella funds, and later many individual funds were named after industries such as consumption, services, energy, resources, and infrastructure. However, they were widely criticized for their investment style drift. When their original industry performance was weak, these funds invested in stocks from other industries. In addition, umbrella funds receiving two to three funds at once are considered to be evading the system of fund product approval. Xu Xingfu, a researcher at Xingye Securities Fund, stated that industry ETFs, as passive investment funds, have strictly limited investment scope and do not have the style drift problem of industry funds or umbrella funds in the past. In the Chinese stock market where industry rotation is very obvious, single industry funds may continue to perform weakly. Fund companies launch umbrella industry ETFs, and there will inevitably be a type of industry ETF that outperforms the market at different times, thereby avoiding product risks for fund companies.
Cheng Siwei, Xiang Huaicheng, and Chen Yuan are proposed to serve as honorary presidents, while Shao Bingren, former vice chairman of the Electricity Regulatory Commission, is proposed to serve as the first president of the association. As a national self regulatory organization in the PE industry, the establishment of the China Equity Investment Fund Association has always received great attention from the market.     This is the highest level of discussion by official institutions on the issue of self-regulation in the PE industry, indicating that the PE industry is receiving unprecedented attention and is expected to be officially included in the regulatory vision of relevant departments in the future. According to participants in the aforementioned seminar, the preparatory group has identified four levels of "regulation, self-discipline, compliance, and compliance" as the core of the regulatory and self-discipline concept for the equity investment fund industry. It will strengthen the cultivation of a culture of self-discipline, promote the development of the "Self Discipline Convention for the Equity Investment Fund Industry," cultivate a culture of industry self-discipline, develop various self-discipline measures, establish industry ethical standards and professional ethics, and prevent disorderly competition. In terms of fundraising, the association plans to standardize from seven aspects: firstly, to develop standard contract templates and provide guidance; Secondly, establish guidelines for GP (fund manager) investment thresholds; Thirdly, encourage investment companies to use intermediary services provided by professional institutions, such as law firms, accounting firms, appraisal agencies, etc; Fourthly, members are strictly prohibited from using public media or holding public meetings to raise funds; Fifth, the number of PE fund investors shall not exceed 50; Sixth, if there is a prepayment agreement for PE, the funds and their use of the fund shall be strictly managed by the custodian bank to prevent the risk of fund misappropriation by the manager; Seventh, any manager of a PE fund who raises funds from the public or establishes a PE fund beyond the scope of private placement shall be punished for illegal fundraising. The preparatory group particularly emphasizes the need to strengthen self-discipline in the collection of public funds, and strive to obtain recognition from regulators of public institutions such as financial institutions, social security, enterprise annuities, and state-owned enterprises, in order to obtain investment from public institutions. In terms of serving members, the preparatory group will develop qualification standards for practitioners in the PE industry, establish training and examination standards for the PE industry, provide guidance and explanations for membership recognition, offer guidance and assistance for joining, registering, and registering, and develop industry guidelines for fundraising, risk management, internal control, financial management and disclosure, compliance management, social responsibility, etc. Provide various professional training, hold the China PE Annual Conference, and mediate disputes between members of the National PE Association and between members and invested enterprises. It is understood that several local PE fund associations have been established in cities including Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, and Shenzhen, with over 500 members.   (2) Assist in formulating industry management regulations; (3) Timely understanding and mastering the various regulatory requirements of relevant government departments; (4) Implement industry policies; (5) Collect industry data and provide it to government regulatory authorities in a timely manner; (6) Coordinate the relationship between government and industry; (7) Cooperate with the government to promptly address various issues within the industry.
Established just over three months ago, the Golden Eagle Dividend Rapid Dividend ⊙ Our reporter, Wang Huijuan, stated that the Golden Eagle Dividend Value Fund, established in December last year, will release its "first bucket of gold" since its establishment. The fund will distribute a dividend of 0.88 yuan for every 10 fund shares based on the distributable income as of March 18th. The equity registration date and ex dividend date for dividends are April 1st, and the dividend distribution date is April 2nd.
Fund companies will release their first quarter reports starting from this week, according to Qian Yu Evening News. According to Tianxiang Investment Advisory's statistics on 100 equity funds that have released their first quarter reports, the average stock position in the first quarter was 77.32%, an increase of about 10 percentage points from 67.84% in the fourth quarter of last year; The top three industries where funds increase their holdings are finance, real estate, and metals and non metals; Due to a significant decrease of 50% in the first quarter share of money market funds, the industry as a whole is in a net redemption state, with a decrease of 10.77% in share. Last week, the market fluctuated at a high level of 2500 points. As a benchmark for market funds, the 50 ETF experienced a net redemption of 483 million units last week, marking the second net redemption of the 50 ETF after achieving net subscriptions for four consecutive weeks. According to statistics from the Shanghai Stock Exchange, last week, 50ETFs achieved 1.983 billion subscriptions and 2.466 billion redemptions, setting a new high in redemption shares in six weeks. In fact, in the four trading weeks since mid March, all 50 ETFs have been net subscriptions, with a cumulative increase of 16.65% over these four weeks. Last week, the market fluctuated at a high level, and the redemption volume of 50 ETFs increased, which may indicate that institutions are becoming more cautious about the future market outlook. In addition, last week 180ETF achieved a subscription of 66.3 million shares, setting a new high since the fund's listing. 180ETF achieved redemption of 57 million units, which is also the largest weekly redemption amount for the fund since the end of May 2006. Statistics show that the average stock position of open-end funds is 77.91%, higher than that of closed-end funds at 70.51%; But the average concentration of holdings in closed-end funds is 50.94%, higher than the 46.58% in open-end funds. From the 16 fund companies that have released their quarterly reports, Dongfang Fund Company has the highest stock position, with an overall stock position of 85.78%, a decrease of about two percentage points from the fourth quarter of last year; The lowest position is held by Baoying Fund Company, with only 55.61%, an increase of 24 percentage points from the fourth quarter of last year. Finance and insurance, real estate, and metals and non metals have become the top three industries for fund holdings. Among them, the fund had the largest increase in holdings in the financial and insurance industry, with a 6.41% increase in holdings in the first quarter, while the increase in holdings in other industries did not exceed 2%. The pharmaceutical and biological, construction, and information technology industries are among the top three industries for reducing holdings, but the proportion of reductions has not exceeded 1%. In addition, among the 100 publicly announced equity funds, Shanghai Pudong Development Bank, CITIC Securities, Ping An Bank of China, China Merchants Bank, and Vanke A occupy the top five heavy holdings. Statistics also show that 16 fund companies had a total net redemption of 83.778 billion shares, with a decrease of 10.77% in shares. Monetary and bond funds were the main force of redemptions, with a decrease of 51.76% and 29.55% respectively. The stock type has a slight net redemption. It is worth noting that QDII saw net subscriptions, with a 3.53% increase in shares compared to the beginning of the period. For the market trend in the second quarter of this year, most funds hold a relatively optimistic attitude. Guangfa Small Cap Fund believes that the A-share market may continue its upward trend in the future, but from the perspective of corporate fundamentals, the A-share market should be classified as a high-risk area when the Shanghai Composite Index enters the range of over 2500 points. The overall improvement of the stock market still depends on various factors such as the stability and recovery of the global economy, the sustained improvement of the domestic macro economy, the resumption time of IPOs, and the scale of non reduction of holdings.
After the Spring Festival, new funds entered a period of intensive issuance, and with the stock market fluctuating and rising, signs of recovery in new fund issuance continue to emerge. In March, the new fund entered its peak period of fundraising, pushing the total fundraising amount for the first quarter of 2009 to 47 billion yuan. Excluding the Spring Festival factor, the above data reflects that the issuance of new funds has broken the "freezing point" of new fund issuance in the 2008 bear market. The rebound of the stock market has once again highlighted the profit making effect of funds, and the number of weekly fund openings has been continuously increasing since the Year of the Ox. Last week, the number of fund accounts opened in the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock markets climbed to 67992, setting a new high in a year. The latest data released by Zhongdeng Company yesterday showed that the number of fund accounts opened last week increased by nearly 40% month on month, and the number of accounts opened in a single week exceeded 60000 for the first time in a bull's year, approaching 70000. This data is the largest number of fund account openings since the end of March 2008. It is worth noting that with the continuous deepening of the structural market driven by funds, the number of fund accounts opened per week has also been continuously increasing, rising from over 10000 at the beginning of the year to over 40000 per week. In the first two weeks of March, the number of accounts exceeded 40000, and last week it even approached 70000. From this, it can be seen that the rebound of the stock market has continuously boosted the enthusiasm of investors to enter the market. It is worth noting that since 2009, as the discount rate of closed-end funds continues to rise, the number of accounts opened during the closed-end fund week has also continued to climb, gradually increasing from over 100 at the beginning of the year to over 400, and then back to over 700. Last week, the number of accounts exceeded 2000 for the first time, reaching 2608, a month on month increase of over 70%. This data also set a new high for the number of closed-end fund accounts since the end of September 2008. From the total fundraising amount of the new fund issuance quarter, it was around 47 billion in the first quarter of 2009, lower than the 50.17 billion in the second quarter of 2008 and 49.26 billion in the fourth quarter of 2008. However, considering that the first quarter is often the off-season for fund issuance, the above data cannot be compared simply. Excluding the Spring Festival factor, there are still significant signs of recovery in the issuance of new funds in the first quarter of 2009. According to statistical data, there were a total of 23 new fund issuances in the first quarter of 2009, while in the second and fourth quarters of 2008, there were 35 and 34 respectively, far exceeding the number of new fund issuances in the first quarter of 2009. In fact, the average fundraising amount of a single fund is more comparable. According to Tianxiang data, the average fundraising amount of a single fund in the first quarter of 2009 reached a new high since the market began to bear. In the first quarter of 2009, the average fundraising amount of a single fund was 2.04 billion yuan, while in the second, third, and fourth quarters of 2008, the average fundraising amount of a single fund was 1.43 billion yuan, 1.39 billion yuan, and 1.45 billion yuan, respectively. The above data shows that with the recovery of the market in 2009, the money making effect once again attracted off exchange funds to enter, and the average fundraising amount of a single fund was able to significantly increase. From the perspective of the fundraising amount of a single equity oriented fund, it was 1.845 billion yuan in the first quarter of 2009, with a month on month increase of over 1.4 times. In the second, third, and fourth quarters of 2008, the fundraising amounts of single equity funds were 1.078 billion yuan, 1.029 billion yuan, and 752 million yuan, respectively. The above data also shows that as equity oriented funds gradually become the main issuers of new funds, their issuance momentum has significantly increased with the market warming up. Express reporter, Wu Xiaojing
Penghua CSI 300 Index Fund was established on the 3rd, with an initial fundraising of nearly 2 billion yuan. Panoramic Network reported on April 7th that Penghua Fund announced that its subsidiary Penghua CSI 300 Index Fund (LOF) was officially established on April 3rd, with an initial fundraising of nearly 2 billion yuan. The fund has been publicly offered to the public since March 2nd, and as of March 27th, the fundraising process has been successfully completed. The net subscription amount raised this time is 1.994 billion yuan, and the total number of fund shares converted from the raised funds and their interest is 1.994 billion fund shares. The fund manager's fund practitioners subscribed to 295084 shares of the fund (including shares of interest carried over during the fundraising period), accounting for 0.015% of the total shares of the fund during the fundraising period. (Panoramic Network/Chen Danrong)
After three months of negative returns, bond funds have turned around for the first time this year. Bond funds, which have been underperforming since the beginning of the year, finally turned around for the first time on March 17th, achieving a positive average return. Statistics show that as of March 17th, the average return of bond funds was 0.07%, breaking free from the shadow of negative returns for three months. Compared with the stable return that the bond base brought to the basic people last year, since this year, the average return of bond funds has been hovering in the negative since the middle of January, affected by the decline of the treasury bond index at the beginning of the year. According to the latest statistics released by the Galaxy Securities Fund Research Center, as of March 17th, the average net asset value growth rate of bond funds this year has changed from -0.07% on March 16th to a positive return of 0.07%. Taking advantage of this opportunity, the first bond fund under the China Europe Fund Management Company, the China Europe Stable Yield Bond Fund, will be publicly issued through major banks and brokerage outlets starting from March 23rd. Regarding the performance of bond funds this year, Liu Jiewen, the proposed fund manager and deputy director of corporate investment, stated that a bond bull market like the one in 2008 is unlikely to happen again in the short term, both internationally and domestically. This year's economic outlook is likely to be the most difficult year in the past decade, with the market showing a balance between stocks and bonds. Investors may consider using bond funds to achieve balanced asset allocation. Chen Xuxin, General Manager of Fixed Income Department at Cinda Australia Bank, believes that although the current bond market yield level is at a low level, it can still be higher than the deposit interest rate of the same period. Bond investment is generally used to obtain relatively safe and stable interest income, although not high; If capital gains (spreads) are to be obtained through bond investment, the current macroeconomic and domestic stock markets can still provide some opportunities for the bond market. Ao Xiaobo
In response to market trends and increasing investment in stock funds, Song Qi's aggressive portfolio reached a new high in the market last week, with continuous inflows of over-the-counter funds. Investors' enthusiasm has been fully mobilized, and it is expected to continue to rebound this week, with a target of 2500 points. Radical investors can fully invest in stock funds. This week, we recommend Haifutong Leading Growth and Southern High Growth. Haifutong Leading Growth is a newly issued equity fund by Haifutong Fund Company. Its investment objective is to select stocks with high growth potential from industries with leading development, and strive to achieve long-term maximum appreciation of fund assets while controlling risks and maintaining good asset liquidity. Southern High Growth Fund is a stock fund managed by Southern Fund Company with the goal of high growth. The fund adopts a "bottom-up" strategy for investment decisions in stocks and convertible bonds. Through a combination of quantitative and qualitative evaluation methods, it selects companies with expected main business revenue growth rate and pre tax profit growth rate exceeding three times the GDP growth rate in the next two years, as well as companies ranked in the top 5% of growth and investment value among all listed companies, or companies facing significant development opportunities with extraordinary growth potential as the main investment targets. The stable combination of the Shanghai Composite Index successfully rose to 2400 points, and the peripheral market also saw a surge. However, there are still differences between long and short positions at the current level, and it is expected that this week will be dominated by volatile consolidation. Steady investors can keep their holdings in equity funds at around 60%. This week, we recommend Huaxia Blue Chip Core and CMB Anxin Income. The core of Huaxia Blue Chip Fund is a hybrid fund managed by Huaxia Fund Company. Its investment strategy combines comprehensive analysis of macroeconomic environment, policy situation, and securities market trends, actively judges market timing, conducts active asset allocation, and reasonably determines the investment proportion of the fund in various asset categories such as stocks and bonds, striving to reduce the risk of the investment portfolio and improve returns. China Merchants Anxin Income is a bond fund managed by China Merchants Fund, which mainly invests in fixed income securities with good liquidity, including treasury bond, financial bonds, corporate bonds with a credit rating of investment grade or above, convertible bonds, short-term financing bonds, bond repurchase, asset-backed securities, central bank bills, interbank deposits, etc., as well as other financial instruments permitted by laws, regulations or regulatory authorities for fund investment. The conservative portfolio market has gradually emerged from the trough, and conservative investors can strategically invest in some equity oriented funds and hold them for the long term. It is recommended that equity funds account for 30% and money market funds account for 70% in the investment portfolio. This week, we recommend Xingye Trend and Huaxia Cash Profit Increase. Xingye Trend is a hybrid fund managed by Xingye Fund Company. In terms of operation, the fund will use a multidimensional trend analysis system to determine the comprehensive trend of investment targets, and adopt a moderately flexible asset allocation method to achieve medium - and long-term measurable returns, thereby sharing the capital appreciation brought by the rapid growth of Chinese listed companies and achieving optimized risk adjusted investment returns. Huaxia Cash Growth Fund is a monetary fund managed by Huaxia Fund Company. Its investment strategy is to actively assess changes in short-term interest rates, arrange maturities reasonably, conduct detailed research, operate cautiously, and pursue the safety, liquidity, and stable higher returns of the principal that exceed the benchmark. As one of the largest fund companies in China, Huaxia Fund Management Company has rich experience in managing fixed income assets. Since its establishment nearly 5 years ago, Huaxia Cash Growth Fund has consistently ranked among the top in terms of return rates among similar funds. Different styles of fund portfolio types, proportional portfolio combinations
Good Return on Fund Company's Special Account Business □ Reporter, Qian Yu Evening News: Recently, with the news that fund company's special account business has been approved to go global, the fund company's special account wealth management business has once again attracted industry attention. On March 25th, on the occasion of the opening of the fund company's special account wealth management business and the one-year anniversary of the company's first special account business signing, the person in charge of the Schroder special account business of Bank of Communications stated that the company's special account business has been operating well in the past year, and he is full of confidence in the company's future development of special account business. On March 25, 2008, the China Securities Regulatory Commission issued guidelines on the content and format of special account contracts, and fund companies' special account wealth management entered substantive operation. In May and June 2008, Bank of Communications Schroder signed two more contracts. At the beginning of 2009, through cooperation with Bank of Communications, Bank of Communications Schroder gained something in Guangzhou. Due to the current high threshold of 50 million RMB for dedicated account wealth management, which is only available for a single customer. The person in charge of Schroeder's special account business at Bank of Communications stated that the company does not advocate blindly expanding the size of special accounts, and even actively rejected some potential customers during the most difficult period of special account business expansion last year. The reason is that customers' needs do not fully match the market, and "if the operational performance cannot satisfy customers, it will actually lose their trust". Recently, the China Securities Regulatory Commission replied to Bank of Communications Schroder in the form of a letter, allowing fund companies such as Bank of Communications Schroder that have special account and QDII qualifications and have been approved for foreign exchange quotas to use unused quotas to carry out special account overseas asset management business. From now on, institutional clients and high-end individual clients with overseas investment needs can not only purchase QDII funds, but also invest overseas through dedicated account wealth management.
The net value has returned to 1 yuan face value, and QDII funds are proud. In the context of the sharp rise in overseas markets led by the US stock market, Chen Zhongbo's net value of 9 domestic fund series QDII products has also skyrocketed. According to the latest released net asset value, the net asset value of Haitong Overseas and Bank of Communications Global has exceeded the face value of 1 yuan, which is also the first time in nearly two months that QDII funds have returned above face value.   Thanks to this, all 9 domestic QDII funds have rebounded significantly. During this round of rebound, the net value of Hai Futong's overseas shares first returned to the face value of 1 yuan, and as of March 24th, the fund closed at 1.035 yuan. Since January 7th of this year, the net asset value of the fund's shares has once again exceeded the face value of 1 yuan. Another fund with a net asset value exceeding 1 yuan is Bank of Communications Global, with a net asset value of 1.003 yuan as of March 24th. Among other QDII funds, Southern Global, Shangtou Morgan Asia Pacific Advantage, and Huaxia Global Select also led the way in gains this week, with gains exceeding 5%. In the fourth quarter report of QDII funds, most QDIIs are generally cautiously optimistic about the market in the first quarter of this year. With the passage of time, this viewpoint has also made it wait for the blooming of overseas markets.   The outlook for the fourth quarter report of Bank of Communications Global suggests that the worst of the financial crisis may have passed, but the real economy will gradually bottom out in the coming time. With the Federal Reserve significantly increasing the money supply, the probability of sustained deflation in the United States is relatively low, and a Great Depression can be avoided. With the elimination of concerns about deflation, the market may once again face the threat of inflation.   In addition, the US market has experienced this round of sharp decline, with many stocks falling by around 80% -90%. Many bad expectations for the market have already been included in the current stock prices, and many high-quality companies have inevitably been wrongly killed. And many of these excellent companies currently have a P/E ratio of only single digits, making their valuations very cheap in the long run. However, due to the limited availability of only 9 QDII funds for investors in the current domestic A-share market, incomplete product lines, and high similarity in product design, investors are limited in choosing QDII funds to invest in overseas markets. The Haomai Fund Research Center suggests that if investors want to invest overseas through QDII funds, they can choose QDII funds that have performed well in the rebound. Especially this round of rebound is driven by banks and resource stocks, such as the China Overseas Fund of Haitong, which has allocated more financial and energy assets. Investors can consider it appropriately.
The position of equity funds is approaching the level of a bull market, and the overall stock position of funds has been on the rise since the beginning of this year with the rebound of the A-share market. According to calculations by Great Wall Securities, the weighted average position of equity funds (excluding newly issued funds within the year) reached 76.94% last week, up 5.26% from the previous week, while the weighted average position of equity funds (non index) was 79.45%, up 6.13% from the previous week; The weighted average position of stock index funds is 93.38%, up 0.90% from the previous week; The weighted average position of the hybrid fund is 70.51%, up 4.77% compared to the previous week. Last week, the net asset value of the fund showed a weighted average growth rate of 1.24% for equity (non index) funds, significantly higher than the weighted average growth rate of 0.72% for index funds. With the rebound of the stock market, the positions of equity funds have basically reached the level of stock positions in the bull market. We can see that since 2004, the position changes of equity funds have been basically synchronized with the volatility of the A-share market. In the 2003-2004 A-share market rebound, the high point of the overall fund position appeared at the high level of the market. Subsequently, with the adjustment of the A-share market, the holdings of equity funds significantly decreased. In 2005, with the arrival of the bull market in the A-share market, the stock positions of equity funds continued to increase, and since the bull market was established in 2006, they have been fluctuating in the range of 75% -80%. At present, the stock positions of equity funds have reached the level of the 2006-2007 bull market. How will the future fund positions be interpreted, and will the fund reduce or hold? Following the historical footprint of China's fund industry, we explore the next investment behavior and motivations of funds from the following aspects. The historical trajectory of fund position changes for Great Wall Securities, Yan Hong, and Song Shaofeng is mainly based on economic fundamentals when choosing to increase or decrease holdings. In the first quarter of 2004, after the fund's stock position reached its current level, it gradually reduced its holdings. Under the influence of macro-control policies, fixed assets investment began to fall after the year-on-year growth rate reached a high of 47.8% in the first quarter of 2004, and after the year-on-year growth rate of GDP reached a high of 10.9% in the second quarter of 2004, it also fell slightly. Meanwhile, multiple macroeconomic indicators such as exports, loans, and real estate investment also experienced a decline during the same period. Systemic risks have emerged, causing a significant decline in the A-share market and a noticeable decrease in fund positions. After the second quarter of 2005, various economic indicators rebounded, and the A-share market gradually entered a bull market, with fund positions significantly increasing. During 2006-2007, the fund maintained a high position. In the first two quarters of 2006, the year-on-year growth rate of fixed assets investment and GDP increased, a number of macroeconomic indicators recovered, the A-share market officially entered the bull market, and the fund position increased to nearly 80% of the high region. From the second quarter of 2006 to the third quarter of 2007, the year-on-year growth rate of fixed assets fluctuated between 25% and 27%, the export growth rate declined, and the loan growth rate remained stable. However, driven by the growth of multiple domestic demand indicators such as real estate investment and industrial added value, the year-on-year growth rate of GDP accelerated. At the same time, influenced by inflation expectations, investors are actively entering the market, and the rapid development of equity funds is an important manifestation. The A-share market has entered the craziest stage of the bull market, during which equity funds have maintained high stock positions close to or exceeding 80%, basically the proportion of their stock position limit. After the fourth quarter of 2007, the international financial crisis was superimposed on the adjustment cycle of the Chinese economy. Both macroeconomic indicators and the A-share market experienced rapid declines, and fund positions quickly decreased to the level at the beginning of the bull market in 2005. Since 2009, the A-share market has experienced a sustained rebound, with fund positions gradually increasing to 2006 levels. Path choice one: Reducing holdings in profitable industries and individual stocks is the most fundamental factor affecting the rebound height of the A-share market and whether funds continue to increase or maintain high positions in the short to medium term macroeconomic trends. The 2009 A-share strategy report of Great Wall Securities believes that the expectation of economic bottoming out and recovery, as well as the continued support of liquidity, will continue to support the A-share market in the second quarter, but valuation constraints will limit the upward trend. The realization of optimistic economic expectations and the pressure of profit taking caused by excessive cumulative gains will become incentives for market fluctuations. In addition, if scenarios such as lower than expected economic data and IPO opening occur in the second quarter, the market will face real pressure. Under favorable fundamental expectations, the market valuation center is expected to shift upwards. It is expected that the rolling PE valuation of A-shares in the second quarter will fluctuate between 17-22 times, corresponding to the range of 2100-2700 points on the Shanghai Composite Index. At present, the Shanghai Composite Index is approaching 2500 points and gradually approaching the predicted upper limit of 2700 points for the second quarter. In the absence of clear improvement in economic fundamentals, the performance of listed companies still exerts significant pressure on some industries and individual stocks, and the marginal effect of policies on the market is diminishing, the upward potential of the stock index is difficult to be overly optimistic. In the short term, liquidity drives the rise of commodity futures, which in turn drives the rise of resource stocks such as non-ferrous metals and coal. This is the main trend of the current market, and their determination to go long has a significant impact on market confidence. Technically speaking, the annual chart is a pressure band that is difficult to surpass in all bear markets at once. Considering that the overall position of the fund has reached the allocation level of a bull market, there is not much room for further significant increases in holdings. If the short-term market enters a correction, the possibility of funds reducing their holdings in profitable industries and individual stocks increases significantly. Path choice two: Maintain current position for structural adjustment. The fund maintained a high stock position during the 2006-2007 bull market, but adjusted its investment structure accordingly. The investment behavior of seeking valuation troughs in a bull market is manifested as sector rotation. The industries that funds reduced their holdings in the previous quarter, or due to the industry itself still being in a rapid growth period in the next quarter, have high performance growth capabilities that digest high stock prices; Or due to the rise of other industries or sectors, it may become a relative "valuation depression" and regain the favor of funds. Securities investment funds have a significant impact on the securities market, both in terms of scale and investment philosophy. Industries in which funds increase their holdings often perform better in the current or next quarter, while industries in which funds reduce their holdings underperform the industry index average in the current or next quarter. We take the average increase in the industry index of the China Securities Regulatory Commission during the 2006-2007 bull market as the average level of the industry index. In the first and second quarters of 2006, funds allocated a higher proportion to defensive industries, such as food and beverage, commercial retail, pharmaceutical and biotechnology, and information technology. Their increases were generally higher than the average level, with only the pharmaceutical industry, which had a lower proportion of fund allocation, showing a smaller increase; And for cyclical industries, the allocation proportion has been reduced, and the increase is generally lower than the average level. In the third and fourth quarters of 2006, funds increased their holdings in cyclical industries, especially the financial and real estate industries, with an increase in their allocation ratio exceeding the average increase of the China Securities Regulatory Commission's industry index. However, defensive industries that were affected by fund reduction saw an increase close to or even lower than the average level, with only the food and beverage industry with a higher allocation ratio exceeding the average level. When theme stocks and growth stocks received market attention in the first quarter of 2007, funds reduced their holdings in cyclical industries, and their gains returned to below average levels. In the second and third quarters of 2007, funds once again increased their holdings in cyclical industries, and market hotspots returned to blue chips; Although the bull market is still deepening, the overall growth of defensive industries has fallen below the average level, and it was not until the fourth quarter of 2007 that funds regained their holdings. The change in the proportion of fund industry allocation is significantly related to the performance of industry index markets. On the one hand, industry valuation and prosperity affect the investment behavior of funds. On the other hand, it also reflects the ability of some excellent funds to flexibly grasp industry allocation and obtain excess returns through active investment. If the signs of improving fundamentals continue, the fund may maintain its current position and make structural adjustments. Reduce holdings in high valuation industries with significant increases, and search for relative "valuation troughs" or investment themes for funds in the near future. The key asset allocation targets may be banks, securities firms, real estate, coal, petrochemicals, power equipment and new energy, construction materials, machinery and other industries. Path choice three: Another manifestation of high positions in funds or current dividend funds is to distribute dividends. In the bull market from 2006 to 2007, funds experienced large-scale and frequent dividends. In 2006, 187 equity funds distributed dividends 404 times, with an average dividend of 0.21 yuan per fund. In 2007, 243 equity funds distributed dividends 371 times, with an average of 0.56 yuan per fund. During the market adjustment in 2008, fund dividends were significantly reduced, with 303 funds distributing dividends 106 times, averaging 0.09 yuan per fund. Two thirds of the dividends were concentrated in the first half of the year, which was actually a distribution of profits realized in 2007. At the same time, there were also factors that avoided market risks by cashing out profits through dividends. Since 2009, with the rise of the A-share market, fund investment returns have increased. Currently, some industries have accumulated a certain increase and their valuation levels are not low. Funds cash out some or all of their profits for dividends. On the one hand, investors can enjoy investment returns through dividends; On the other hand, it can also help investors avoid potential market or industry risks. But after the fund dividends, the net asset size of the fund decreases, and the position may not necessarily decrease. If the economic fundamentals continue to improve, funds can still hold some industries and stocks with relatively safe margins. So dividend redemption profits are also an option for funds to reduce their positions or adjust their investment products. Therefore, we believe that high valuation industries with significant increases may face pressure from fund reduction.
The significant rebound in net worth has triggered the impulse of investors to adjust their positions. Our reporter reported that the market for Wu Xiaojing continues to evolve. Since April, the Shanghai Composite Index has continuously broken through the 2400 point and 2500 point barriers, and the volatility has intensified. Faced with relatively high market volatility and rapid rebound in net asset value of equity funds, what choices will the majority of investors who chose to stick to last year's bear market make? Is it 'holding the foundation and waiting for the rise' or 'leaving at high prices'? In response, a reporter from Fund Weekly visited some fund sales channels and conducted a survey on the current mindset of fund holders. The "siege" effect under high volatility entered April, and fund redemption applications showed new characteristics, highlighting the "siege" effect. Last week, the reporter visited the fund sales channels of some banks in Pudong, Shanghai and found that, attracted by the money making effect, on the one hand, a group of investors have emerged with the idea of subscribing to funds for the first time. However, due to the relatively high market position, they dare not enter the market rashly, and most of them are in the holding and waiting stage. On the other hand, those who were once trapped in the bear market but have now been or are close to being released are increasingly showing a mentality of "safety in the bag". For investors who want to subscribe to equity funds at this point, we generally recommend them to make a fixed investment or wait for the market to become clearer before making a decision, as no one can say for sure how the future will evolve, "said a wealth manager from a bank on Dongfang Road in Pudong, Shanghai to reporters. In fact, the gradual decline in the number of fund account openings since April also indicates that fund investors currently have a weak willingness to pursue high prices. After a significant increase in the number of fund account openings in March, it began to decline from its high point in April. In the previous trading week, the number of fund account openings was only 32400, the lowest weekly number of fund account openings in nearly 9 weeks. The reporter learned from most bank wealth managers that the most frequently asked question by investors recently is whether it is suitable to purchase equity funds at this point, and whether funds that have already been or are close to being released should be redeemed? Some investors have already redeemed funds that have been or are about to be released, while others have redeemed underperforming equity funds this year and instead applied for high-performance equity funds. In addition, the reporter learned from fund companies in Shenzhen, Shanghai, and Guangzhou that although some high-performance equity funds are in a net subscription state, overall, net redemption is still the main tone of equity funds. Several large fund companies have stated that most of their equity funds are currently in a net redemption state. The participation of fund companies in the targeted issuance of shares by listed companies has revealed the "tip of the iceberg" of their share changes since the beginning of this year. According to the announcement from Liyuan Hydraulic, on March 30th, 18 open-ended equity funds under four fund companies participated in the company's targeted issuance. According to calculations, the number of funds that have experienced net redemptions since the beginning of this year has reached 9, with a total net redemption of 2.83 billion shares. In addition, the other 9 funds have a total net subscription of 2.18 billion shares. Overall, the subscription and redemption are basically balanced. In mid April, according to the announcement of Yunnan Urban Investment, 15 open-ended equity funds under four fund companies participated in the company's targeted issuance. As of April 14th, among the 15 open-ended equity funds mentioned above, except for one fund whose redemption and application are basically balanced, 12 of them have experienced net redemptions, accounting for 80%, with a total net redemption of 3.83 billion shares. Only two equity funds have small net subscriptions, with a total net subscription of only 430 million shares. Overall, there has been a significant net redemption. Comparing the above data, it can be seen that in April, when the Shanghai Composite Index broke through the 2400 point and 2500 point thresholds consecutively, net redemptions of equity funds are gradually becoming the main tone. According to the latest partial data disclosed in the first quarter report of the fund, equity funds had a slight net redemption in the first quarter. In addition, last week, China Securities Network conducted a survey on "What changes have your investment strategies made when the market breaks through the bull bear boundary?" The results showed that among the investors who participated in the voting, 36.14% of them said that their funds had significantly reduced losses and were ready to redeem, becoming the option with the most votes received. From this, it can be seen that the mentality of some grassroots people has shifted from "holding onto the foundation and waiting for price increases" to "settling into safety". Overall, high performing equity funds have gained favor, with net redemptions or a dominant tone. However, some high performing equity funds still receive funding support. For example, in mixed equity funds, the Golden Eagle Small and Medium Cap Select Fund, which has seen the largest increase, has risen 46.06% this year as of last Friday. Golden Eagle Fund stated that since April, the subscription and redemption ratio has been around 7:3, with daily subscription shares exceeding 30 million. Currently, the scale has exceeded 1 billion shares. It is worth noting that at the end of 2008, the fund had only 174 million shares. In fact, the "siege effect" of fund redemption has been quite prominent in the Golden Eagle Small and Medium Cap Fund. Golden Eagle Fund stated that the old fund holders who have already been released are eager to "settle down", so the old fund holders have basically redeemed, and the existing holders are mostly new arrivals, most of whom are in a profitable state. The flexible allocation of Golden Eagle dividend value under Golden Eagle Fund has seen a net asset value increase of 39.30% this year, far higher than the increase of similar funds. It is reported that the fund is a new fund established at the end of 2008, with a relatively small scale of only 367 million shares at the time of establishment. Golden Eagle Fund stated that it has been in a net subscription state recently, with daily subscription shares of around 50-60 million, and redemption shares generally not exceeding 2 million under normal circumstances. Huaxia Large Cap Selection, which has consistently performed well, has suspended its subscription, conversion, and fixed investment businesses. However, based on the data of the fund's participation in Yunnan Urban Investment exposure, its shares this year are basically the same as at the end of last year. In addition, as the market continues to warm up, equity funds are once again subject to purchase restrictions. Shangtou Morgan announced last week that its small and medium-sized stock funds are scheduled to begin subscription services from April 20th. However, the fund's open subscription this time is different from the past, and there will be restrictions on the amount of funds held in a single fund account for the Shangtou Morgan Small and Medium Cap Fund. If the subscription or transfer application results in a single fund account holding more than 5% of the net asset value of the fund at the end of the previous quarter, the excess subscription or transfer application will not be recognized. This move has set a precedent in the industry. In addition, on April 8th, Xingye Global Fund announced that it will temporarily suspend accepting applications for single subscriptions and conversion transfers of more than 100000 yuan for Xingye Social Responsibility Equity Securities Investment Fund, and the cumulative subscription and conversion transfer amount for a single fund account in a single day shall not exceed 100000 yuan. China Post Core Preferred Fund, a subsidiary of China Post Fund, has seen the largest increase in equity funds this year. As of last Friday, the fund's net asset value has risen by 54.25% this year. Although the fund resumed daily subscription business at the end of March, the time for opening subscriptions was only 3 days. Fund purchase restrictions are usually a scenario that occurs during bull markets, so what does the current situation of purchase restrictions for some stock funds mean? Analysts believe that the purchase restriction measures are not only aimed at ensuring that the net asset value of funds does not fluctuate too much, but also beneficial for fund managers to manage funds with smaller scales in volatile markets, which indirectly reflects investors' preference for high-performance funds. The glory of fixed income products is no longer in 2009, and the market is vaguely showing a bullish atmosphere. With the continuous highlighting of the profit making effect of equity oriented funds and the significant decline in fixed income product returns, the attractiveness of the "safe haven" for funds in bear markets has greatly decreased. The profit driven nature of funds highlights the seesaw between high-risk and low-risk fund varieties. The fixed income fund products, which used to have unlimited glory, have been overshadowed this year. According to the investigation conducted by reporters on the redemption and application of various products by more than 10 fund companies in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Guangzhou, the money market fund with the largest share growth in the fourth quarter of last year is becoming the largest variety to be redeemed recently. Multiple fund companies have stated that in April, their money market funds had an average of tens of millions of net redemptions per day, which is in sharp contrast to the situation in the fourth quarter of last year. In the fourth quarter of 2008, the number of money market shares increased by as much as 226.029 billion. Based on the 16 companies that have released their first quarter reports, money market funds experienced a large proportion of redemptions in the first quarter, with a total net redemption of 61.457 billion units and a net redemption ratio of 51.76%. In fact, from the fourth quarter of last year to early January 2009, some money market funds frequently imposed "purchase restrictions". Since April, with the decline in money market fund returns, four money market funds including Shenwan Paris Income Treasure Money Market Fund, Huaxia Cash Growth Fund, Dacheng Money Market Fund, and Teda Heyin Money Market Fund have stated that the impact of large subscriptions and conversion transfers on fund asset operations has weakened, and therefore the restrictions on large subscriptions have been lifted or relaxed. From the reporter's visits to the fund sales channels of some banks in Pudong, most wealth managers said that the recovery of the stock market is the most direct reason for fund investors to redeem money market funds. Initially, most fund investors subscribed to money market funds to wait for the stock market to recover and reinvest their funds into the stock market or subscribe to equity funds. In fact, since the beginning of this year, due to a large number of expired central bank bills held by money market funds, money market funds have faced a reduction in investable products and a significant decrease in reinvestment returns. As a result, money market fund returns have declined significantly compared to last year, and coupled with the gradual recovery of the stock market, the attractiveness of money market funds to investors is naturally not comparable to the 2008 bear market. In addition, bond funds that stood out last year are still facing significant redemption pressure in the near future. Multiple funds have stated that as the market continues to rebound, the redemption volume of bond funds has also increased, and their redemption pressure is second only to money market funds. According to the redemption data of 16 companies that have released their first quarter reports, bond funds had a net redemption of 13.154 billion units in the first quarter, with a redemption ratio of 29.55%, making them the second largest fund variety in terms of redemption ratio.
Monetary funds have been favored by listed companies in bear markets. According to Gong Wanlong, a journalist from Shenzhen, after tasting the sweetness of a bull market, some listed companies that were keen on fund investment remained infatuated in 2008. However, these listed companies shifted their investment focus to low-risk fund products. It can be said that everyone has their own preferences, and many professional households have not blindly invested in bond funds. Instead, they have embraced well liquid money market funds. According to the 2008 annual reports of several listed companies, the market plummeted sharply last year, causing a considerable number of listed companies to invest their funds in commodity and bond funds with higher safety margins. The results were satisfactory, and these listed companies all made small gains. According to the 2008 annual report of Jinling Pharmaceutical, the company holds 4 money market funds and 2 bond funds, with initial investment funds of RMB 27.586 million from Hua'an Fuli, RMB 12.455 million from Boshi Cash, RMB 8.391 million from Huaxia Cash, and RMB 5.041 million from Jiashi Money. The company also holds RMB 20.068 million from Jiashi Super Short Bond and RMB 3 million from Boshi Stable Value. These 6 low-risk products brought a revenue of 409500 yuan to Jinling Pharmaceutical during the reporting period. Hang Seng Electronics, which is engaged in software development, also made a profit from its fund investment in 2008. According to the 2008 annual report, Hang Seng Electronics invested a total of 178 million yuan in building 7 commodity funds and 3 bond funds, earning 662700 yuan. The company invested 50 million yuan in building Changxin interest income, invested 2018.44 million yuan in building Southern Cash Growth Fund, and also held B-class commodity funds from Dacheng and E Fund, as well as commodity funds from Cathay Pacific, China Merchants, and Boshi, as well as CITIC Stable Double Interest, Jiashi Bond Fund, and China Merchants Anben Growth Fund. Yuanguang Software is undoubtedly a typical listed company for investment funds. As of the end of 2008, the company spent 65.147 million yuan to purchase six commodity funds, namely Southern Cash Growth Fund, Changxin Interest Income, Dacheng Currency B, E Fund Money B, Haifutong Currency B, Jiashi Commodity Fund, and Boshi Cash Income, earning 760700 yuan. In addition, several listed companies including Huasheng Tiancheng and Zhongyin Cashmere have shifted their focus to low-risk products. The soaring proportion of holdings by commodity based institutions can almost certainly be said that the inflow of institutional funds has contributed significantly to the increase in the proportion of holdings by commodity based institutions. Recently, the disclosure of the 2008 annual report of the fund has kicked off, and the institutional holding ratio of the money market fund has gradually emerged. According to Wind statistics, the proportion of institutional holders of Hua'an Cash Fuli increased from 48.88% in the semi annual report to 69.14% in the annual report, and the proportion of institutional holders of Haifutong Currency B increased from 66.37% to 72.64%. These two funds had net inflows of approximately 10 billion yuan and 1.8 billion yuan respectively in the second half of last year. At the same time, the reporter found that some listed companies held their inventory for a longer period of time after building warehouses last year. As of the end of last year, both Jinling Pharmaceutical and Hang Seng Electronics had no significant changes in their holdings of commodity based shares. Industry insiders pointed out that the liquidity of the commodity base is relatively good, which can be used as bank deposits, and the yield was also good last year, creating a safe haven for institutions with large funds. On the other hand, after the listed company establishes a warehouse base, the holding time is relatively stable, which also ensures that the scale of some bases will not fluctuate greatly.
For the past few years, I have usually bought closed-end funds with a maturity of less than one year, starting from Xu Huifang, who is about to close down and seek funding. These funds have higher returns than banks and are relatively stable. Take Jinsheng Fund, which will expire in November this year, as an example. I bought it on March 23 this year for 1.14 yuan, with a net asset value of 1.239 yuan at that time. Liquidation based on the net asset value at that time can yield an 8% return. Not long ago, coupled with signs of stock market recovery in March, the net asset value of the fund is expected to decline but not rise. As the maturity approaches, closed-end funds generally adopt the approach of holding low positions in stocks and heavy positions in short-term bond products. So, an 8% return is still relatively stable. For closed-end funds, I think it's better to have a calm mindset and only seek stable returns. Generally speaking, the discount rate of closed-end funds varies with the length of maturity time. For example, 5 years is around 25%, and the maximum for 1 year is 5%. Last year, the stock market plummeted and the discount rate was also relatively high, which actually gave us an opportunity. Because when the stock market crashes, closed-end funds often do not hold many shares. If the lock up fund only has a 60% stock position, then buying the fund at a discount rate of 25% is equivalent to a discount. I often take advantage of these opportunities to lay out long-term varieties and wait for discount rates to return to the normal track. For example, I bought funds such as Jingfu and Taihe last year, and now the returns are good. There are actually many opportunities in closed-end funds. The key is to be a thoughtful person, with a calm mindset, only making small profits, and not wanting to make huge profits. In this way, one can continuously search for "gold" from closed-end funds.
The leading advantage of the new fund is expected to continue, according to news from Jingchu.net (Chutian Metropolis Daily). With the end of the first quarter, the competition for the fund's first quarter ranking has also fallen to dust. According to WIND data, as of March 31st, excluding QDII funds and newly established funds this year, the average increase of 294 open-ended equity funds this year has reached 22.39%. Among the equity funds established in 2008, only 8 funds had net asset values below face value, while the net asset values of most new funds have returned to over 90 cents, leading the market. Chen Shaosheng, the proposed fund manager of Haifutong Leading Growth Stock Fund, pointed out that with low point intervention and no restrictions on old positions, the new fund has the advantage of "small boats are easy to turn around" in volatile market conditions, and this advantage of the new fund will continue until the second quarter. (Zhongcai)
The pattern of trading commissions paid by China International Capital Corporation (CICC) to securities firms has undergone significant changes in 2008, with CICC becoming the top fund in terms of trading commissions. Among them, China International Capital Corporation (CICC), which only entered the top four in 2007, won the first place in brokerage commission distribution in 2008. However, the long-standing leader Shenyin Wanguo Securities and industry leader CITIC Securities have been pushed behind. According to the commission ranking of securities firms based on Tianxiang statistics. In 2008, the top ranked company was China International Capital Corporation (CICC), with an annual stock trading volume of 390 billion yuan and a trading commission of 327 million yuan. The second place is CITIC Securities, with an annual stock trading volume of 375.7 billion yuan and a trading commission of 315 million yuan. The third place goes to Shenyin Wanguo Securities, with an annual stock trading volume of 357.3 billion yuan and a trading commission of 302 million yuan. It is worth noting that China International Capital Corporation (CICC) ranked fourth in the commission ranking of securities firms in 2007, third in the commission ranking of securities firms in the first half of 2008, and had risen to first place by the end of the year. The industry ranking has risen rapidly. This may be due to its strong macroeconomic analysis ability and consistent bearish market investment strategy, which is more in line with the market trend in 2008. Express reporter, Hongwen
The average initial public offering of equity funds has returned to 2 billion yuan, with retail investors replacing institutions as the main force for new fund subscriptions. According to statistics from Securities Times reporter Cheng Manqing, the initial public offering sizes of ICBC Shanghai and Shenzhen 300, Jiashi Quantitative, E Fund, and Minsheng Brand Blue Chip were 3.6 billion yuan, 2.9 billion yuan, 4.1 billion yuan, and 2.7 billion yuan, respectively. Driven by them, the initial public offering size of equity oriented new funds reached 2.103 billion yuan in March. This is also the first time in nearly a year that the average fundraising amount of equity oriented new funds has returned to over 2 billion yuan. Last Saturday, Minsheng Jiayin Fund Management Company announced the establishment of its first fund - Minsheng Jiayin Brand Blue Chip Fund, with an initial fundraising scale of 2.718 billion yuan. This is also the fourth equity oriented new fund with an initial fundraising scale exceeding 2 billion yuan this month. Statistics show that, driven by industry leaders such as ICBC 300, Jiashi Quantitative, E Fund, and blue chip companies in the Minsheng brand, the initial fundraising scale of equity oriented new funds reached 2.103 billion yuan in March. This is also the first time in nearly a year that the average fundraising amount of equity oriented new funds has returned to over 2 billion yuan after experiencing an unprecedented issuance cold wave. In early May last year, when Tianzhi Innovation set a record for the lowest initial fundraising size of a fund with 240 million yuan, the industry exclaimed that the cold wave of fund issuance was fierce. In that month, the average fundraising scale of equity funds plummeted from 2.19 billion yuan in April last year to 790 million yuan. Since then, except for the month when Agricultural Bank of China Growth Fund was established, the average fundraising amount of equity funds every month has been difficult to exceed 1 billion yuan. However, among the 10 equity oriented new funds announced intensively this month, as many as 9 new funds have initial fundraising sizes exceeding 1 billion yuan, and 4 new funds have initial fundraising sizes exceeding 2 billion yuan, including ICBC Shanghai and Shenzhen 300, Jiashi Quantitative, E-Fund Industry Leading, and Minsheng Brand Blue Chip, with initial fundraising sizes of 3.6 billion yuan, 2.9 billion yuan, 4.1 billion yuan, and 2.7 billion yuan respectively, bringing the initial fundraising size of equity oriented funds back above 2 billion yuan throughout the month. Statistics show that since the Spring Festival holiday this year, fund issuance has reached another peak, with as many as 20 funds entering the fundraising period. The banking channels are extremely crowded, but it has not affected the trend of fund issuance recovery at all. Industry insiders have analyzed that the average initial fundraising size of equity funds in March returned to the level of a year ago, mainly driven by the recovery of investor confidence and closely related to the characteristics of the funds issued during this period. Among the four equity funds with an initial fundraising scale of over 2 billion yuan, either the fund companies with larger scale and older brands, or the bank funds with channel advantages, "the reporter learned in the interview that the recovery of the fund issuance market is further reflected in the changes in the investor structure. During last year's bull bear cycle, individual investors' willingness to subscribe to funds plummeted to freezing point, and many fund companies had to seek institutional friendship funds for large-scale "sponsorship" when issuing new funds. The recently disclosed 2008 annual reports of funds show that the proportion of institutional investors among the holders of many funds is very high. For example, the Blue Chip institutional investors of Tianfu, established in July last year, reached 73.43%, while the institutional investors of Hua'an Core Selection and Huabao Xingye Large Cap Selection, established in October last year, reached 73.95% and 62.29% respectively. Now, the above situation has improved. With the gradual recovery of market confidence, ordinary investors who had previously retreated from the background have once again taken on the main role of subscribing to new funds. The person in charge of the marketing department of Minsheng Jiayin Fund Company told reporters that as the first new fund under the company, Minsheng Brand Blue Chip, which has just completed its issuance, has received attention from all aspects of the company. In the initial fundraising scale of 2.718 billion yuan, ordinary investors, namely retail investors, account for the vast majority. According to the statistics of average subscription amount per household, the average subscription amount per household for equity oriented new funds in March was 83000 yuan, while last month this data was still high at 134000 yuan. In October and November last year, the average subscription amount per household also reached 126000 yuan and 144000 yuan respectively. Among them, Nord Theme, which was established in November last year, had an average subscription amount of 276000 yuan per household.
The prospectus clearly states that the investment advisor of the trust is Noah Fund Management Co., Ltd. The reporter consulted Zhang Jianhui, a fund analyst at Guojin Securities, regarding this issue. He told reporters that it is not uncommon for fund companies to act as investment advisors, but most fund companies cooperate with banks as investment advisors and issue structured trusts with trust companies less frequently. As for the issue of interest transfer, Zhang Jianhui analyzed that fund companies, as investment advisors, already have mature legal provisions, so there should be no doubts about private equity. The real blow is still one to many. Will the issuance of structured trusts by public funds compete with private equity for land? The plan states that under this trust plan, the trustee shall subscribe to each trust contract, and the minimum amount of trust funds shall be RMB 2 million, which may be increased by multiples of RMB 100000. The trustee has the right to adjust the minimum subscription amount of the principal. The minimum scale for the establishment of the trust plan is RMB 50 million. Obviously, these regulations are very similar to the scope of Sunshine Private Equity. Insiders revealed that the threshold for the trust is not as high as the 2 million yuan stated in the plan, and about 1 million yuan is enough to become a customer. Although the trust plan promotion period is from March 17, 2008 to April 13, 2008. However, when the reporter called the product department of Shenzhen Guotou on April 1st, the customer service staff told the reporter that the product had already been raised and had entered a closed period with an investment period of one and a half years. It seems that as a structured product, this trust product still has a significant appeal to customers. Zhang Jianhui analyzed to reporters that in fact, investment advisors, specialized accounts, and one to many specialized accounts are all paths for the development of fund companies. Public funds engage in special account business in the non-public sector, which is one of the main businesses of funds in overseas markets. However, it is still in a stage of development, so various investment strategies of fund companies are coexisting. But the biggest impact on private equity funds should still be the fund one to many special account, after all, a trust product does not have many customers. What's interesting about being overly low-key and suspected of profit transfer is that Nuoan Fund has always been low-key when promoting this product. Industry insiders told reporters that the product had already been raised during the Spring Festival period. The dates in the contract may be a delaying strategy adopted to ensure the smooth establishment of the trust. Moreover, Zhu Zhaohui from the media department of Nuoan Fund told reporters that he was not aware of the company's distribution of the product. The chaos of Nuoan Fund has always been criticized by insiders. Since its establishment, Nuoan Fund has undergone three changes in leadership and five changes in general, setting a record for the most personnel changes in domestic fund companies. Moreover, the performance of the company's public offering products has not been ideal recently. For the issuance of this trust, some industry insiders suspect that the management wants to adjust their management strategy and actively try various profit methods, which may be the real reason why the company is so low-key. Zhang Jianhui said that the business policies of fund investment advisors have long been allowed, but currently, one to many dedicated accounts are the mainstream development trend. This attempt by Nuoan Fund may also be a preparation for future one to many business. A reporter from Wealth Management Weekly found that the recruitment prospectus of the trust also stated that the investment method of the trust is based on fundamental analysis and value investment. By deeply mining listed companies with core competitive advantages, rising prosperity, and undervalued value, a core stock pool is formed. The highest quality stocks are selected from the core stock pool of Noah Fund Management Company for investment, and the trust assists in investing in open-end and closed-end funds with excellent market performance, with absolute returns as the goal. According to private equity analysts, regardless of the chaotic management of the fund company itself and its overly low-key introduction, they still suspect the possibility of interest transfer. Moreover, there is also the possibility of self purchasing funds to assist in investing in open-end and closed-end funds with excellent market performance.
Ten closed-end funds have a discount rate of over 30%. This news has increased expectations for closed-end fund dividends, leading to a "tug of war" for closed-end funds. The market for closed-end funds has also shown a volatile trend recently. After a continuous decline in the early stage of the reserve fund discount rate, as of last Friday, ten reserve fund discount rates have returned to above 30%, while the reserve fund discount rate that is about to expire continues to fall. According to data from Galaxy Securities, as of last Friday, the average discount rate of closed-end funds was 25.48%, continuing the continuous downward trend of the previous four weeks. Including Fund Pufeng, Fund Jinxin, and Fund Jingfu, there are also 10 closed-end funds with a discount rate exceeding 30%. Among them, Fund Pufeng has the highest discount rate among closed-end funds with a discount rate of 32.02%, followed closely by Fund Jinxin and Fund Jingfu with discount rates of 31.92% and 31.57%, respectively. The discount rate of funds such as Fund Fenghe and Fund Jiujia is also close to 30%.
Guangfa Fund's Zhu Ping: The new energy sector is a breeding ground for dark horses. According to journalist Li Na, the Shanghai stock index has repeatedly hit the previous high of 2400 points but failed, leading to increasing market divergence. Funds with hundreds of billions of funds in hand are repeatedly playing the game of 'you sell, I buy' internally; Ordinary investors are even more excited, closely monitoring the ups and downs of the stock index with anxiety. As of yesterday, since the Year of the Ox, the overall market has risen by 30%. What will the market do after 2300 points? Regarding this, Zhu Ping, Vice President of Guangfa Fund, did not directly explain the issue, but raised the question to a higher level. Yesterday, he pointed out in a blog post that based on empirical data, the first rebound at the bottom should be between 30% and 50%, and A-shares will enter a new era. The Chinese economy has entered a new stage, and as a barometer of the national economy, the ups and downs of the stock market are affecting the nerves of the market. In his blog, Zhu Ping wrote that nearly 30% of the stock market's returns so far this year can satisfy investors, but with valuations already in place, investors still seem unable to gain sufficient consensus on the future.   However, if viewed from a historical perspective, China will enter a new stage. Regarding the question of how long the global financial crisis will last, Zhu Ping believes that this round of global crisis may not last too long, and China will truly go global in the next cycle, gradually increasing its global discourse power. The main theme of long-term investment in the future is that the Chinese economy will inevitably move towards globalization, and the power of discourse will continue to increase. So, in this process of globalization, which industries or companies can bring substantial returns to investors? Zhu Ping stated that alongside economic globalization, there will also be some global corporations emerging domestically. Japan's growth back then was also accompanied by the globalization of Sony and Toyota. Therefore, this type of company may bring investors greater returns than the last bull market. It is obvious that Zhu Ping believes that large companies that can occupy a place in the world will be the "dark horses" that investors should look for. In addition, themes such as new energy, environmental protection, and military elderly care are also areas where investors can seize opportunities in the future. Zhu Ping stated that the surge and sudden end of this bull market indicate that new clean energy and sustainable development will be irreversible.   Instead of flowing into oil producing countries, it's better to subsidize oneself.   Last year's four trillion yuan investment plan ultimately shifted towards structural upgrading and improving people's livelihoods, which is a manifestation of this strategy. In the future, such subsidies will occasionally appear, such as in new energy, environmental protection, military industry, etc.
On April 20th, Heilongjiang Chenneng Harbin Institute of Technology High tech Venture Capital Co., Ltd. initiated the establishment of a Heilongjiang Province Entrepreneurship Venture Capital Cooperation Institution. This is Chenneng Venture Capital's comeback after experiencing the first case of venture capital fund theft. It is understood that this collaborative institution has gathered more than ten institutions in Harbin, including venture capital and entrepreneurship guarantee, and can provide investment and financing funds of up to 3 billion yuan for small and medium-sized enterprises. January 6, 2005 was a black day for the domestic venture capital industry. Bank of China Harbin Hesong Street Branch President Gao Shan fled to Canada with funds, while Heilongjiang Chenneng Venture Capital, a large domestic venture capital firm, had nearly 300 million yuan of funds stolen from the bank. Seven days later, the company's general manager committed suicide by jumping off a building under the pressure of the stolen funds. This is the largest publicly available case of a venture capital fund being stolen from a bank in China. On March 6, 2009, after more than four years of lengthy litigation and trial, the Heilongjiang Provincial High Court made a civil judgment in accordance with the law: ordering the Harbin Hesong Branch of Bank of China to pay the plaintiff Chenneng Venture Capital Company the full deposit principal and interest. This groundbreaking case, which once attracted widespread attention in the venture capital industry and was known as the "first case of stolen venture capital funds," was declared over by the plaintiff's victory. Chenneng Venture Capital Company was established in August 2001, with successful investment cases including Mudanjiang Youbo Pharmaceutical, Harbin Zhongchen Technology, Shenzhen Bantaike Variable Frequency Technology, Harbin Institute of Technology Emerging Energy, etc.  
The annual report of fund managers reveals their thoughts: the probability of a push up market in 2009 is high. Our reporter, Wu Xiaojing, announced today that the first batch of annual reports for funds under 10 fund companies were released.   When the uncertainty factors are still huge and the huge investment opportunities driven by a certain driving force are gradually decreasing, how to find new investment opportunities is obviously the biggest "proposition" that funds faced in 2009. A selection of research from Jia Shi defines 2009 as the year of seeking direction through multi-party games, and points out that in 2009, there may be a certain degree of deviation between the real economy and the virtual economy. Overall, the A-share market in 2009 will operate in a complex market environment of multiple factors such as fundamentals, policies, valuations, and overseas influences.   In 2009, the main deductive logic of the A-share market was the rebalancing of performance and valuation, especially in the first half of the year. On the one hand, the accelerated decline in performance of listed companies, and on the other hand, the systematic improvement in valuation levels brought about by the gradual release of liquidity. Before these two factors show a clear contrast in strength, the market will experience volatility. It is expected that this process will end in mid-2009, by which time the valuation level will have risen to a sufficient level, and the further trend of the domestic economy will determine the future development of the market. The market trend is expected to fluctuate upwards in 2009, and most funds believe that it will present a market pattern of upward volatility. Jiashi Service Value added Industry believes that the A-share market will fluctuate upwards in 2009, and the high point of the year may occur in the third or fourth quarter. Jianxin Optimal Growth believes that in 2009, there was an increase in valuation and a decrease in profitability, as the impact of valuation on the market far exceeded that of profitability, A, The overall characteristic of the stock market is interval volatility. Jianxin Advantageous Power believes that the capital market in 2009 should generally go through three stages. In the early stage, due to the policy stimulus driven by four trillion yuan investment, the market experienced a phase of rise due to expectations of economic recovery. It cannot be ruled out that the optimism of expectations exceeded short-term rational judgment; The mid-term market is facing periodic fluctuations caused by the difference between optimistic expectations and actual data, and the market may experience significant fluctuations due to expected adjustments; The stimulating effect of macroeconomic policies on the current economic growth target is effective, so it is predicted that the market will experience a significant increase in the later stage due to the gradual warming of economic data and the moderate rise in inflation expectations. Looking for new investment opportunities When it comes to investment opportunities in 2009, Huaxia Return No. 2 believes that the huge investment opportunities driven by a certain driving force will gradually decrease, and will be replaced by opportunities brought by new demand, new technology, new supply reform, etc. Relatively speaking, opportunities are diversified. In situations where it is difficult to identify long-term trend opportunities in fundamentals over a period of time, market opportunities dominated by liquidity may exhibit more thematic features until the trend gradually becomes clear. Jiashi Service Value added Industry believes that in the absence of clear economic prospects in the first half of the year, market hotspots will revolve around national economic revitalization measures, asset restructuring, and future economic development themes. In the second half of the year, with the establishment of economic fundamentals, it may shift to sectors that benefit first from the gradual upward trend of the economy. Huitianfu Advantage Selection believes that before the economic situation becomes clear, the constant switch between ideal and reality will influence investors' emotions, and investor expectations will become the key. For most of 2009, the probability of a "push up" market was high, and the dominant position of asset allocation would be weakened. More opportunities came from structural investment opportunities brought about by industry differentiation and excess returns brought about by individual stock selection.
As of the time of press, Everbright Prudential Fund Company has released the first quarter reports of six funds, including Everbright Prudential Dividend Equity Securities Investment Fund and Everbright Prudential New Growth Equity Securities Investment Fund. The first quarter report shows that stock funds have maintained high positions, but both reducing and increasing positions coexist. According to the first quarter report, the stock positions of Everbright Prudential Dividend Fund, New Growth Fund, Advantage Allocation Fund, and Quantitative Core Fund were 82.58%, 78.49%, 77.00%, and 89.24%, respectively, compared to 84.46%, 82.07%, 74.45%, and 88.99% at the end of last year, with both reduced and increased positions. Looking ahead to the future, Everbright Prudential Fund Company believes that the market operation pattern will become more complex. On the one hand, the large-scale release of loans in the early stage and the revitalization policies of various industries will play a positive role at the macroeconomic level and begin to be reflected quarterly in macroeconomic data. The emergence of liquidity turning points will also increase the valuation level of the market. On the other hand, changes in corporate profits will lag behind changes in macroeconomic data, and the overall level of corporate profits in the recovery stage will suppress the upward potential of the index. In addition, the scale of new loans cannot continue to maintain the level of the first quarter. At present, the market is in a position where it can move back and forth, and the direction of change depends on the comparison of the forces supporting the rise or fall of the stock market, as well as investors' interpretation of information in both positive and negative directions. Large cap stocks that have underperformed in the early stages will have the opportunity to achieve excess returns. (Shentu Qingnan)
Wanjia Select Fund will officially issue its seventh open-end fund, Wanjia Select Fund, through banks such as China Construction Bank, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Bank of China, and major securities companies, according to Securities Times reporter Zhang Zhe. It is understood that Wanjia Select Fund is a value based fund that emphasizes the concept of "careful selection". The so-called "careful selection" refers to selecting "enterprises with sustained competitive advantages" through professional research advantages. Industry insiders have stated that although the real economy was still unable to provide effective support for the capital market in 2009, the economy also showed signs of recovery. As the most dynamic emerging country economy, advantageous enterprises in various industries in China still have good investment opportunities. Especially, the rapid adjustment of national policies will enable some advantageous enterprises to gain deterministic growth advantages. Enterprises with sustained competitive advantages can win in fierce market competition, and investing in such enterprises will bring long-term stable returns to investors. According to Ou Qingling, Director of the Management Department of Wanjia Fund, "In 2008, the two most important factors affecting market trends, economic fundamentals and liquidity, were both downward. However, in 2009, from the perspective of economic fundamentals, the worst time has passed. With the government's strong investment drive, there will be no problem with this year's economic growth. On the other hand, the situation of abundant liquidity is always guaranteed this year
The first money market fund in the Year of the Ox is about to be launched, and AIA Huatai's bond selling fund is highly sought after. According to reporters and Li Na, the popularity of money market funds has declined significantly due to the continuous reduction of Shanghai's basic interest rate, especially the warming of the stock market. However, in this almost awkward context, the first monetary fund of the Year of the Ox (AIA Huatai Monetary Fund) is about to be launched in the near future. Meanwhile, the reporter found that AIA Huatai seems to have made sufficient preparations for the smooth birth of this monetary fund. Yesterday, AIA Huatai Fund announced that the company will partially redeem its holdings of AIA Huatai Pyramid Stable Cost Increasing Bond Fund Class B shares, and the proceeds from the redemption will be used to subscribe to the company's AIA Money Market Fund. According to the announcement by AIA Huatai, the company plans to redeem 10 million units of the AIA Stable Cost and Yield Bond Fund Class B held by the company through a sales agency on April 20, 2009. Meanwhile, the company has held this portion of fund shares for over a year, and according to the fund contract, the redemption fee is 0. After this redemption, AIA Huatai still holds 29.8496 million shares of AIA's profit increasing B-class. The announcement also indicates that the proceeds from the redemption of the bond fund are intended to be used to subscribe to the AIA Money Market Fund under the company. Regarding the reason for issuing money market funds against the trend, relevant personnel from AIA Fund Company revealed to reporters that the issuance of money market funds at this time is for the purpose of improving the company's product line. When the market experiences significant fluctuations, money market funds can also facilitate customers to adjust their investment varieties through conversion and timely avoid risks. Attitude is important when investing in money market funds. In fact, the continuous decline in base interest rates has led to a significant decline in the returns of money market funds. Morningstar data shows that in the past week, the overall return of money market funds has once again declined, with an average return of only 0.02%. Statistics also show that the traditional Chinese currency, CITIC Cash, has a return rate of only 0.95% since the beginning of the Year of the Ox until last weekend. In addition, relevant data shows that at the end of 2008, the average remaining maturity of investment portfolios held by money market funds was 105.4 days. As of April 13th this year, it has taken 103 days. That is to say, theoretically speaking, the bond assets with higher returns held by the monetary fund before the major interest rate cut will all mature this week. Regarding this, fund analysts suggest that money market funds have good cash liquidity and are more of a cash management tool. Investors should pay more attention to the relative returns of money market funds and whether their returns are higher than those of current deposits.
Despite experiencing a unilateral decline last year, including a significant reduction in net asset value of closed-end funds, the trend of closed-end fund dividends has still arrived as scheduled. Fund Anxin announced yesterday that it plans to distribute dividends on its 2008 annual returns. Although the amount of dividends is not large, it is expected to usher in a "small peak" of fund closure dividends this year. According to the dividend announcement of Fund Anxin, as of December 31, 2008, the distributable profit of Fund Anxin was 559.7 million yuan, and the annual realized income was 437.9 million yuan. At the same time, as a closed-end fund, Fund Anxin has launched its 2008 income distribution plan, which plans to distribute cash dividends of 2.6 yuan per 10 fund shares to all holders, totaling 520 million yuan. The equity registration date for this dividend distribution is March 30th, and the dividend distribution date is April 7th. As is well known, closed-end funds generally benefited greatly from the "mad cow" market in 2007, and there was a rare "dividend market" in the first quarter of 2008. But after experiencing a unilateral setback in 2008, the large-scale dividends of closed-end funds have become a bubble, so the market has almost "forgotten" about fund dividends this year. And the dividend announcement of Fund Anxin undoubtedly triggered more market associations. Are there still some foundations that have distributed dividends one after another? At least for now, this possibility does exist. It is expected to trigger a wave of "dividend wave". According to the dividend conditions, closed-end dividends must meet two conditions: one is that the unit net value must be at least 1 yuan above the face value, and the other is that the annual dividend must reach 90% of the annual distributable income. According to the announcement, the dividend amount of Fund Anxin has reached the dividend requirement. Following the map, there are currently 32 closed-end funds (including innovative funds) on the market. Which other funds have dividend potential? Recently, in a research report by the Haomai Fund Research Center, in addition to Fund Anxin, there are 8 closed-end funds with dividend potential, namely Fund Tongyi, Fund Pufeng, Fund Anshun, Fund Tongqian, Fund Jinghong, Fund Hanxing, Fund Hansheng, and Fund Yuyang. Although the quantity is not large, considering the risk factors of market adjustment in the current market situation, the "dividend market" of the above-mentioned closed-end funds is worth investors' attention in the short term. Be cautious of discount rate risks. However, participating in the dividend market of closed-end funds also carries certain risks, which is to be wary of the discount rate after dividends. Taking Fund Anxin as an example, after announcing its dividend plan yesterday, Fund Anxin still fell by 0.16% throughout the day. Although the Shanghai Composite Index fell by 2% during the same period, its decline is also worthy of vigilance. According to yesterday's closing price calculation, the current discount rate of Fund Anxin is 17.7%, and the discount rate of some closed-end products with longer remaining maturities has even reached 30%. Based on this analysis, the expected return on equity of funds such as Anxin and Yuyang after dividends has been fully digested by the market, and their discount rates after dividends have approached or even been lower than the average discount rate of closed-end funds in the market. However, other funds have the opportunity. According to a report from the Good Buy Fund Research Center, the discount rate of Fund Jinghong and Fund Hanxing after dividends reaches over 35%, far higher than the average discount rate of closed-end funds in the market. Taking Hanxing and Jinghong as examples, assuming their final discount rate after dividends is 30%, their market prices will increase by 9.45% and 8.40% respectively.
Dongwu New Fund will issue Xie Lujin on the 30th. It is reported that Dongwu Fund Company's fifth product, Dongwu Enterprise Strategy Hybrid Fund, will be officially launched on the 30th of this month. The fund has a stock investment range of 30% to 80% and a bond investment range of 0 to 70%, and is personally managed by the company's "star fund manager", Wang Jiong, who is the company's investment director and manager of Dongwu Double Power Fund.
The most fatigued fund manager, Mr. Sun Yanqun, is the investment director of Shangtou Morgan Fund Management Co., Ltd. The incident: Shangtou Morgan Fund Management Co., Ltd. announced that Mr. Sun Yanqun, the investment director, needs treatment due to health reasons and will rest due to illness until August 2009. This is the first case of a fund manager publicly disclosing "overwork syndrome" and also the first case of a fund manager temporarily resigning and disclosing information. Comment: In the 2007 bull market, fund managers were a respected profession among investors. Whoever had relatives or friends who were fund managers felt like they had face wherever they went. But after experiencing a unilateral decline in 2008, the lives of fund managers have not been as good as before, especially for investors who lost money and were not angry. The work of fund investment researchers is already very irregular, and they have to face the "thousand fingers", so it is not surprising that they develop "occupational diseases" under heavy pressure. (Lingchong)
The stock positions of equity funds have significantly increased. (Reporter Dou Hongmei) Recently, A-shares have repeatedly hit new highs in rebound, and the fund's increase in positions is evident. According to statistics from the Desheng Fund Research Center, an increasing number of funds are shifting towards a bull market mindset, increasing their stock positions while also being more proactive in structural adjustments. As of yesterday, among the 141 funds that released their first quarter reports, 98 comparable actively invested equity funds had a stock position of 77.32%, a significant increase from 67.84% in the fourth quarter of 2008. The average position of various funds with stocks as the main investment direction has significantly increased. According to the calculation data of "Desheng", after deducting the passive increase effect last week, the active increase in holdings of various equity funds was about 2%. The fund position continues to rise, approaching the high point of the bull market. According to statistics from Tianxiang Investment Advisory, there are differences in the increase or decrease of positions among different fund companies amidst a significant increase in overall positions. The top three industries held by the fund are finance and insurance, machinery and equipment instruments, and real estate.
The overall investment research ability of Zhimin has been recognized. In the first quarter of this year, the Shanghai Composite Index rose by 30.34%, while the average net asset value growth rate of 294 open-ended equity funds was 22.39%, and only 44 funds outperformed the overall market performance. Amidst the overall underperformance of equity funds, all equity funds under Huashang Fund have achieved returns of over 30%, demonstrating remarkable investment performance. Since the beginning of this year, the performance differentiation of equity funds has been quite severe. As of the end of the first quarter, the difference between the highest and lowest returns of open-ended equity funds exceeded 40%. Industry insiders analyze that due to the severe market volatility and numerous uncertain factors this year, high demands have been placed on the investment research capabilities of fund companies. All of its funds are able to outperform the market at the same time, demonstrating the company's outstanding overall investment and research capabilities as well as its ability to grasp the market. Statistics show that only two companies, Huashang and China Post, managed to outperform the market in the first quarter of this year. According to data from Galaxy Fund Center, leading companies in Huashang rank fourth among mixed equity funds with a return rate of 32.89%; Huashang Shengshi Growth ranked third among the newly established funds last year with a return rate of 33.05%. Industry insiders have analyzed that from the recently released annual reports of Huashang Leading and Huashang Shengshi funds, the investment styles of the two funds are completely different, with unique stock selection and timing. This indicates that Huashang Fund can closely follow market trends in investment timing and direction selection, which is the key to the overall improvement of the company's investment performance this year.
The overall position of stock funds hit a new high for the year. Last week, the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock markets fluctuated and continued to rise, with the Shanghai Composite Index approaching 2400 points at one point. Throughout the week, the Shanghai Composite Index, Shenzhen Component Index, and Shanghai Shenzhen 300 Index rose by 4.09%, 4.01%, and 5.00% respectively. Correspondingly, the returns of equity oriented funds have all turned red, while index funds remain the main force of gains. Except for Rongtong Shenzhen Stock Exchange 100, all other index funds have outperformed the market. Index funds outperform the market, with a significant gap in fund returns. Last week, the comprehensive rise of large cap and small cap stocks led to a general decline in returns for equity funds. Due to differences in position allocation and performance of heavily held stocks, there is a significant gap in fund returns. Statistics show that large cap stocks performed relatively well last week, with the good performance of indices such as the Shanghai Stock Exchange 100 and the Shanghai and Shenzhen 300 driving the increase in the return ability of related index funds. Among the top five funds with high returns last week, index funds accounted for four seats. Among them, Jiashi Theme Fund ranked first among all funds with a nearly 7% increase this week. Index funds such as SSE 50 ETF, Wanjia 180, and Yinhua 88 have considerable weekly returns, while mainstream allocation funds such as China Post Optimal Selection and Tianfu Value also have a place. In addition, fund returns such as Golden Eagle Dividend, Baode Credit Quantitative, and Dacheng Jingyang have all increased more than the underlying market. At the same time, among the funds ranked lower last week, except for the negative growth return of Dutch Bank, the net asset value returns of the other funds all showed slight fluctuations. In addition to a lower proportion of positions compared to the average of the same type, the sustained decline in stocks such as Hengrui Pharmaceutical and Huadong Pharmaceutical, which are heavily held by the fund, also contributed limited to the fund's returns during the week. Regarding the future market, most institutions believe that although the stock market is facing increased pressure from profit taking and selling, last Thursday's main funds launched a fierce counterattack by heavyweight stocks, which to some extent indicates that the market still has the momentum of continuing to rebound and rise. According to statistics from the Desheng Fund Research Center, last week, driven by the active increase in holdings by most funds, the overall position of equity funds continued to climb, reaching a new high since 2009. Among them, the average active increase in holdings for equity funds is about 1%, while the average active increase in holdings for equity mixed funds is 1.3%, indicating a significant active increase in holdings. The increase of investment stock and bond base was the top last week. The performance of bond market was slightly sluggish, and the treasury bond and corporate bond markets basically showed a sideways trend. Among them, treasury bond and corporate bonds, including corporate bonds and separable bonds, rose slightly, while corporate bonds fell slightly last week. The rapid growth of credit in the first quarter has to some extent limited the upward trend of the bond market. Due to the poor performance of the bond market, most bonds have experienced adjustments, so bond funds that invest more in stocks have performed better. Statistics show that its Ronghua bonds and Nanfang Baoyuan are still among the top bond fund gains last week, while the ranking of AIA's A/B profit increase has significantly improved, which may be related to the increase in allocated convertible bond assets or equity assets. Half of the five principal guaranteed funds rose, with a weighted average return of 0.12%. Among them, Yinhua's principal guaranteed funds once again ranked first in terms of increase, with a net asset value growth rate of 0.73%. He Yun, the fund manager of Tianzhi Tiandeli Money Market Fund, stated that various provinces and cities have already formulated plans for issuing local government bonds, which are currently popular among institutions and investors can choose to invest in relevant bond funds. Recently, local government bonds have officially opened their doors, and with the high yield of newly issued corporate bonds and the high premium rate after listing, investors' enthusiasm for participating in the subscription of new bonds has been once again stimulated. However, according to the reporter's understanding, due to the small scale of online public bond issuance, the probability of successful subscription by small and medium-sized investors is not high. Nevertheless, industry experts suggest that individual investors should not miss this great opportunity and may use bond funds to "take on new bonds". Recently, the "new faces" of bonds have appeared one after another. It is reported that currently, the listing of new corporate bonds usually yields a return of around 1.5%, and after issuance, they can generally be listed for trading within a month. This way, the expected annual yield can reach around 15% under normal circumstances, and the situation of new bonds falling below face value is rare. However, although the returns of "issuing new bonds" may seem good, it is still difficult for individuals to participate in profit-making. Liu Jiewen, the proposed fund manager of the China Europe Stable Yield Bond Fund, admitted that although "issuing new bonds" is good, it has many restrictions for individual investors. Therefore, investors may wish to share this return by purchasing bond funds. Because bond funds, as institutional investors, have a wider participation in the bond market and can help ordinary investors invest in more high-quality bonds, they also have bargaining power over the issuance and pricing of bond assets. In addition, professional information sources and specialized investment research teams can also avoid the risk of individual vote selection, saving time and effort. Our reporter Ao Xiaobo
Last week, stock funds rose across the board, with 45% of funds rising by more than 2%. Panoramic Network reported on April 20th that most open-end funds rose last week, while stock funds rose overall. Among them, 45% of funds rose by more than 2%, and bond funds also rose by more than 80%. The Shanghai Composite Index rose 2.44% last week. According to the statistics of Panorama Fund, 231 stock funds that were counted on April 17th all rose last week, with 105 of them increasing by more than 2%, accounting for 45.45%. The top five funds with weekly growth rates are AIA Dividend ETF, ICBC Value, Yinhua Core Value, New Century Preferred Dividend, and Huashang Shengshi Growth, with weekly growth rates of 4.23%, 3.96%, 3.61%, 3.46%, and 3.36%, respectively. Yinhua's leading strategy, Great Wall brand selection, and Huaxia industry selection have lagged behind, with weekly gains of less than 0.5%. Only one actively allocated fund fell last week, with Nuoan Flexible Allocation, Xincheng Four Seasons Red, and Nord Theme leading the way, with weekly growth rates of 3.65%, 3.05%, and 2.95% respectively. The outstanding Golden Eagle dividend value has fallen by 0.57% since the beginning of this year, while the equally outstanding Golden Eagle small cap has only slightly increased by 0.03%. Boshi Balanced Allocation, China Merchants Antai Stock, and Tianzhi Wealth Growth all saw weekly gains within 0.5%. Among conservative allocation funds, Guotou UBS Ronghua rose 1.58%, ranking first, while HSBC Jinxin had the smallest increase in 2016, rising 0.43% for the whole week. In the bond market, the treasury bond bond index rose 0.09% last week, while the corporate bond index fell 0.01%. 85% of ordinary bond funds are in the red, with Huashang Yield A, Huashang Yield B, and Galaxy Yield all increasing by more than 1% per week, while CITIC Stable Double Income fell by 0.17%, ranking last. Short term bond fund Jiashi ultra short bonds rose slightly by 0.01% last week. (Panoramic Network/Chen Danrong)
Review: The fatigue of funds in the two markets is gradually showing, with 60% of them closing green. On Thursday, the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock markets fluctuated significantly, and the index hit a new high during trading, showing a slight weakness overall. There are differences among individual stocks in the market, with the majority being red listed stocks. Small and medium-sized stocks such as steel, foreign trade, pharmaceuticals, and non-ferrous metals remain active and have the highest gains, while sectors such as computers, online games, and coal and oil continue to adjust, with a decline of over 2%. There are obvious signs of protection for some heavyweight stocks, and there has been a rapid upward trend, which has to some extent stabilized the overall market. The market trading volume continues to increase, and investors tend to be cautious. The Shanghai Stock Exchange Fund Index opened at 3345.70 points and closed at 3335.65 points, down 0.31%, with a transaction volume of 2.773 billion yuan; The Shenzhen Stock Exchange Fund Index opened at 3318.49 points and closed at 3306.29 points, down 0.40%, with a transaction volume of 1.335 billion yuan. Today, funds in both markets opened lower and fluctuated, showing signs of fatigue. The indices have both closed slightly lower. Market transactions remain active, and investors are mainly observing and waiting. Today, closed-end funds are generally cold, with a slight decline as the main trend. Out of 32 funds, 10 received dividends, 3 remained flat, and 19 fell. The fund differentiation is quite obvious, with active trading. Fund Anshun, Fund Jinghong, and Fund Tongyi experienced relatively large declines, falling 2.09%, 1.22%, and 1.17% respectively, closing at 1.076 yuan, 1.129 yuan, and 0.842 yuan, respectively. Taihe Fund rose 1.02% against the trend, with the highest increase. LOF funds are still relatively strong with insufficient transactions. Out of 27 funds, only 3 received green returns, 1 remained flat, 24 received red returns, and 4 saw gains exceeding 1%. Penghua Innovation, Great Wall Jiufu, and Changsheng Tongzhi, three funds, saw relatively large increases, rising 1.53%, 1.33%, and 1.25% respectively, closing at 1.198 yuan, 1.297 yuan, and 0.813 yuan, respectively. Penghua Power fell 0.26% with few transactions. ETF funds have mainly experienced slight declines, with relatively active trading. The dividend ETF rose 0.33%, making it the only fund in this category to receive dividends; The Shenzhen 100 ETF experienced a significant decline, dropping 0.23% and closing at 2.988 yuan. China Fund Network, Yuan Jian
For the first time, a fund special account appeared on the list of the top ten circulating shareholders. Our reporter reported that An Zhongwen, together with a public fund under the same fund company, has settled in the mysterious fund special account for ST shares. Today, the tip of the iceberg of wealth management has finally been revealed. On the occasion of the one-year anniversary of the entry of the fund special account wealth management into the market, the fund special account appeared for the first time on the list of the top ten circulating shareholders of listed companies, with one ST stock as the registered object. At the same time, public funds under the same fund company also appeared. *The 2009 first quarter report disclosed by ST Tungsten today shows that an account named "ICBC Credit Suisse Fund Company ICBC Specific Customer Assets" appeared on the list of the top ten circulating shares of the stock, holding 1 million shares of * ST Tungsten, making it the seventh largest circulating shareholder of * ST Tungsten. According to Article 9 of the Implementation Rules for the Opening of Securities Accounts for Special Corporate Institutions of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited, regarding the special account wealth management account, this account is clearly a fund special account that has been shrouded in mystery. Among them, ICBC Credit Suisse Fund Company is the investment manager of the special account, and ICBC is the custodian of the special account wealth management account. It is worth noting that in addition to the fund account wealth management under ICBC Credit Suisse, the top ten circulating shares list of * ST Tungsten also includes a public fund of ICBC Credit Suisse - ICBC Credit Suisse Selected Balanced Hybrid Fund, which holds approximately 2 million shares and is the third largest circulating shareholder of * ST Tungsten. The ICBC Credit Suisse special account and public funds hold a total of 3 million shares of * ST Tungsten, accounting for 2.1% of the outstanding shares. *ST Tungsten may have already brought substantial returns to the aforementioned fund account of ICBC Credit Suisse. As of the end of the first quarter, * ST Tungsten has seen a 70% increase this year; As of yesterday, the stock has risen nearly 95% this year. *According to ST Tungsten's first quarter report, the net profit attributable to the parent company's owners in the first quarter of this year was -19.35 million yuan. As of the end of the first quarter, * ST Tungsten's basic earnings per share were -0.087 yuan, with a return on equity of -6.21%.
The Guotai Location Advantage Stock Fund, a subsidiary of Guotai Fund Company, will be launched from April 20th to May 22nd and will be sold at banks and major securities firms such as Bank of China, China Construction Bank, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Bank of Communications, and China Merchants Bank. The custodian bank of this fund is Bank of China, which belongs to the equity fund with high risk return level under the product line of Guotai Fund. The proportion of equity asset investment accounts for 60% -95% of the fund's assets, mainly investing in high-quality listed companies with location advantages and benefiting from the advantageous environment of location economic development (such as preferential policies, special industrial chains, etc.). Guotai Fund stated that the current market outlook is a combination of risks and opportunities. It is recommended that investors invest in some stocks while prudently allocating household core assets, in order to seize the numerous opportunities that may arise from favorable policies.
Wuzhou Transportation Huaxia Fund bought 12.32 million shares in the first quarter of this year. The list of the top ten shareholders in the first quarter of this year was exposed in advance before the disclosure of the first quarter report by journalist Song Yuandong. However, a reporter from the Daily Economic News found that three funds under the well-known Huaxia Fund Management Company in China "infiltrated" Wuzhou Transportation in the first quarter. According to the stock change announcement released by Wuzhou Transportation yesterday, the company's Wuzhou convertible bonds (110368, closing price of 133.50 yuan) were listed for trading on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on March 14 last year, accounting for 4% of the total outstanding shares. Since September 1st last year, Wuzhou Convertible Bonds have entered the conversion period. As of March 31st, the cumulative number of shares converted from Wuzhou convertible bonds was nearly 35.57 million, accounting for 7.45% of the company's total share capital. Among them, 6.34 million shares were converted in the first quarter of this year, and the balance of convertible bonds that have not yet been converted is 372 million yuan, accounting for 68.65% of the issuance of convertible bonds in Wuzhou. Due to the conversion of the company's convertible bonds in the first quarter, according to the Shanghai Stock Exchange Listing Rules, Wuzhou Transportation announced yesterday the conversion of convertible bonds and the shareholding of the top ten shareholders of the company as of the end of the first quarter. It is worth noting that as of March 31, the three funds under the Huaxia Group - Huaxia Advantage Growth, Fund Xinghua, and Fund Xinghe - all "infiltrated" Wuzhou Transportation in the first quarter, holding 9.32 million shares, 2 million shares, and 1 million shares respectively, ranking as the fifth, eighth, and tenth largest shareholders of the company. The three funds have accumulated 12.32 million shares, accounting for 3.98% of the total shares. As of December 31 last year, there was no trace of Huaxia Fund in the list of the top ten shareholders of Wuzhou Transportation. That is to say, Huaxia Fund made a large purchase of Wuzhou Transportation in the first quarter of this year. Due to the fact that the first quarterly reports disclosed by the two cities will not be released until April 8th, Wuzhou Transportation has become one of the first listed companies in the two cities to disclose the list of the top ten shareholders in the first quarter of this year due to the disclosure of convertible bonds and shares. As a result, the latest trends of Huaxia Fund have been exposed in advance. On February 25th of this year, Wuzhou Transportation announced that its first, third, and fifth largest shareholders (as of the end of last year) plan to transfer approximately 190 million shares of the company's state-owned shares, accounting for 40.06% of Wuzhou Transportation's total share capital as of December 31, 2008, without compensation. The transferee will be Guangxi Transportation Investment Group Co., Ltd. (referred to as "Transportation Investment Company"). After the equity transfer, Transportation Investment Company will become the largest shareholder of the company. A securities researcher told reporters that in recent years, the development of Wuzhou Transportation's main business has been slow, and its main business income and profits have slightly declined year by year. With the implementation of the national fee to tax policy and the gradual cancellation of the second-class highway toll policy, the traffic revenue of the five continents will be affected to a certain extent. However, some newly built highways have diverted traffic from non highway sections operated by Wuzhou Transportation, resulting in a decrease in company revenue. Due to unsatisfactory performance, few institutions have visited the company for research in recent years, and Wuzhou Transportation has indeed become a "niche stock" that few institutions are interested in. After the acquisition of the transportation investment company, it will utilize its financial and resource advantages to achieve strategic development integration of the company, and the expected restructuring of Wuzhou transportation assets will increase significantly. This is likely one of the main reasons why Huaxia funds are targeting companies. The equity acquisition report released by the company in February this year also indicated that although the transportation investment company has no plans to implement major asset and liability restructuring or disposal of Wuzhou Transportation, it plans to carry out the above plans in the future. The transferee will strictly comply with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations, fulfill information disclosure obligations and relevant approval procedures in accordance with the law.
Fund Anxin has recently announced that it will implement a 2008 income distribution for its closed-end fund Anxin, with a preliminary plan of distributing a cash dividend of 2.60 yuan for every 10 fund shares. The equity registration date for this distribution is March 30th, the ex dividend trading date is March 31st, and the dividend distribution date is April 7th. In 2008, closed-end funds experienced a significant decline in net asset value, and many closed-end funds were unable to implement annual dividends. As a well-established high-performance large cap fund in closed-end funds, Fund Anxin maintains excellent long-term performance. According to Morningstar's statistics, the total return rate of this fund ranked fourth among all closed-end funds last year.
Hua'an 180 ETF Fund Plans to Dividend (Reporter Ao Xiaobo) Hua'an Fund Company announced yesterday that it will distribute dividends to its fund Hua'an 180 ETF, with a cash income of 1.49 yuan per 10 fund shares. The announcement stated that the beneficiaries of this dividend are all fund shareholders registered with the China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation after the end of trading on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on the afternoon of April 10th. The equity registration date is April 10th, and the ex dividend date and dividend distribution date are April 13th and April 17th, respectively.
Short term seat competition, QDII's first dividend. In the past week, the stock market has reached a new high this year. From the perspective of short-term ranking, the competition among funds is quite fierce. The net asset growth rates of the top ten funds in the past week differ by less than 1%. However, Haifutong in QDII is more technologically advanced, reaching a new high since its establishment and receiving dividends, which is surprising. Based on the short-term ranking before the Qingming Festival, Yinhua Core Value Selection ranked first with a growth rate of 4.7%, while its other subsidiary, Dow Jones 88, also made it into the top ten. But the difference in performance between the first and tenth places is very small, only 0.7%, indicating that the competition for this ranking is very fierce. The steady success of Huitianfu's blue chip stocks on the list indicates that this relatively backward fund has started to make efforts, and also shows signs of the current market trend returning to blue chip stocks. In the monthly ranking, the gap between the first and tenth places is less than 2.5%, with index funds occupying four seats, indicating that it is not easy for active funds to overcome the market. The first quarter fund performance report was released this week, and the performance of the new equity funds was relatively leading. Among the 47 sub new equity funds established since May last year, 7 funds including Century Growth, Golden Eagle Dividend, and Yinhua Leading have achieved returns exceeding 32%, becoming the stars of sub new funds and even the entire equity fund. The statistical data also shows that the proportion of high-yield funds that have achieved over 32% in the new funds is significantly higher than that of the old funds. After deducting index funds, the proportion of high-yield funds in the new funds is more than twice that of the old funds. The Guangfa CSI 300 Index Fund, established on December 31 last year, was reported to have quickly completed its position building strategy within just three days, catching up with the sharp rise in the stock market in the first quarter of 2009. The fund's return rate also reached 32.33%. Although the new funds have the advantage of entering the market at a low level, there are also some funds that have suffered from this rebound due to being too conservative. According to Tianxiang statistics, among the bottom four funds in terms of performance in the first quarter of this year, the second to last, second, and fourth place funds are also newly listed funds. Among them, two equity funds with negative performance in the first quarter of this year were both newly established funds in the fourth quarter of last year, with net values falling by 0.1% and 0.68% respectively. From the perspective of performance gap, the performance of Century Growth Fund, which performed the best in the first quarter of this year, differs by more than 40 percentage points from that of the worst performing sub new fund, fully reflecting the huge differences in investment capabilities of different fund companies during the establishment period of sub new funds. Pay attention to the dividend market of closed-end funds. Last week, the ranking of closed-end funds was also quite close, with only a 1% difference in net asset growth rate between the first and tenth places. The leverage effect of Ruifu Enterprise brought the first net asset growth rate. Although the fund has a net asset value of only 0.406 yuan, it still proposed a dividend plan in its annual report. This is also the heartache that all closed-end fund management companies have to face - in the face of overall losses, they have to take out their funds to distribute dividends and reduce their scale. The annual report data shows that in 2008, a total of 9 sealed funds had both positive indicators for "annual realized income" and "distributable income", indicating that the market has expectations for annual dividends for such sealed funds. Among them, six funds including Anxin Fund, Yuyang Fund, Hansheng Fund, Hanxing Fund, Guotou UBS Ruifu Enterprise Fund, and Fuguo Tianfeng Enhanced Income Fund have announced dividends. Fund Tongqian, after announcing no dividends in its annual report, quickly made the decision to distribute 0.1 yuan per share, which is surprisingly higher than its annual distributable income. Due to the significant rebound in overseas stock markets, all QDII funds have returned to a positive return of 0.4 yuan. Shangtou Morgan, which has always been at the bottom of the performance chart, surged 3.81% this time, surpassing Qunfang and finally getting rid of the embarrassing situation of losing its net worth starting with "3" due to loneliness. On the 7th, net worth champion Haitong Fund Company announced that Haitong China Overseas Select Fund will distribute dividends at a ratio of 0.20 yuan per 10 shares based on the distributable profits as of March 31st. This is the first dividend distribution of QDII funds in nearly two and a half years since their launch.
Two funds have been approved to issue Nuoan Zengli Bond Fund and AIA Huatai Money Market Fund, which have recently received approval from the China Securities Regulatory Commission and will begin issuing in the near future. As the eighth open-end fund under Noah Fund Company, the investment ratio of its bond assets is not less than 80% of the fund assets, and the total investment ratio of non bond assets does not exceed 20% in terms of asset allocation. In terms of investment strategy, Nuoan Zengli will pursue investment returns under controllable risk conditions, and establish a low-risk investment portfolio that can generate competitive performance returns through a "core enhancement" asset allocation model. Nuoan Zengyi mainly invests in core financial assets, mainly including fixed income financial instruments such as domestic legally issued and listed treasury bond, financial bonds, short-term financing bonds, corporate bonds, corporate bonds, convertible bonds, central bank bills, repurchases, asset-backed securities, etc. As the first money market fund in the Year of the Ox, AIA Huatai Money Market Fund will be officially launched on April 21st. The issuance period of this currency fund is only 8 days. Major banks such as Bank of China, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Agricultural Bank of China, Postal Savings Bank of China, and Bank of Communications, as well as major securities firms, are simultaneously selling their products through various branches nationwide. The AIA Huatai Money Market Fund has limited its portfolio duration to 120 days, which is much lower than the current 180 day portfolio duration limit for general money market funds in China. This enhances the fund's ability to resist various risks and ensures better liquidity. Money market funds have unique advantages of free entry and exit, and tax-free dividends. For enterprises and institutions with cash management needs and hoping to obtain stable returns, money market funds are also a good investment target. (Yi Fei, Xu Guojie)
The annual fund custody fee exceeded 5 billion yuan. Securities Times reporter, Mu, Yu reported that despite the stock market decline in 2008, bank fund custody fee income still achieved good growth. According to statistics from Tianxiang Investment Consulting, the total custodial income of public funds from 12 custodian banks in 2008 was 5.38 billion yuan, an increase of 13.06% compared to 4.77 billion yuan in 2007; The average custody fee for each fund is 12.68 million yuan, a slight decrease of over 1 million compared to the same period last year. It is reported that the top five fund custodian banks in 2008 were still ICBC, China Agricultural Bank, and China Construction Bank. Among them, the gap between ICBC and China Construction Bank has narrowed. In 2007, ICBC's custodian fees were 420 million yuan more than China Construction Bank, and by 2008, the gap was only 320 million yuan. The custodian fee income of the two banks in 2008 was 1.6 billion yuan and 1.28 billion yuan, respectively. In terms of the number of managed funds, China Construction Bank is gradually approaching the industry leader ICBC. In 2008, ICBC and China Construction Bank respectively managed 106 funds and 91 funds, with a gap of 15 funds. At the end of 2007, the gap between the two was 23 funds, and the gap decreased by 7 funds in one year. Among the three banks of Bank of China, Agricultural Bank of China, and Bank of Communications, Bank of Communications had the fastest growth rate in custody fees, reaching 27.8%, and fund custody income increased from 382 million yuan to 485 million yuan; The growth rate of Bank of China's custody fees is similar to the industry average, at 10.3%. Agricultural Bank of China's custody fee revenue unexpectedly decreased, by 3.9% year-on-year, from 680 million yuan to 650 million yuan. In addition, for the first time, the custodian fees of small and medium-sized custodian banks exceeded 100 million yuan, and Industrial Bank's custodian fee income reached 103 million yuan in 2008. In 2007, the management fee income of China Merchants Bank, Industrial Bank, and Everbright Bank was 84 million yuan, 75 million yuan, and 73 million yuan, respectively, leading other small and medium-sized custodian banks. In 2008, Industrial Bank emerged as a rising star with a 38.2% increase in custodian fee income, while the custodian fees of China Merchants Bank and Everbright Bank increased by 17.5% and 25.3%, respectively. Among other custodian banks, Shanghai Pudong Development Bank's custodian fee income grew the fastest, reaching 86.3%, increasing from 49 million yuan to 79 million yuan. Huaxia Bank's custody fee income has also grown rapidly, increasing from 13 million yuan to 19 million yuan, a year-on-year increase of 47.6%.
Review: The Shanghai Composite Index fell 0.44%, with over 70% of the stocks falling. Sina Finance News: On Monday, the Shanghai and Shenzhen Composite Index opened with mixed ups and downs, and fluctuated widely throughout the day. As of the close, they all fell slightly. ETFs fell across the board, with over 70% of the two markets experiencing a decline due to fund closures. The Shanghai Composite Index opened at 3182.59 points, opened 3.32 points lower, and closed at 317.179 points, a decrease of 0.44%; The Shenzhen Component Index opened at 3181.40 points, opened 0.15 points higher, and closed at 3167.42 points, a decrease of 0.44%. In terms of stock indices, the Shanghai Composite Index closed at 2358.04 points, a decrease of 0.69%, while the Shenzhen Component Index closed at 8910.42 points, a decrease of 0.93%. Out of the 32 closed-end funds that opened for trading, 7 rose, 2 remained flat, and 23 fell. The increase in funds is relatively small, with Tianhua Fund having the largest increase of 1.35% and Xinghe Fund having the smallest increase of 0.14%; In terms of declining funds, Fund Tongqian, Fund Hongyang, and Fund Fenghe experienced the highest declines, falling 1.87%, 1.33%, and 1.25% respectively; Fund Taihe and Fund Hanxing remained flat. In terms of LOF on exchange trading, out of the 27 funds that opened for trading, 4 rose, 6 remained flat, and 17 fell. As of the closing, a few funds such as Great Wall Jiufu and Wanjia Public Fund have risen, and the increase is relatively small; Six funds, including Bank of China, Rongtong Leading, and Changsheng Tongzhi, remained unchanged in price; In terms of declining funds, the declines were all below 1%, with Dutch Bank Efficiency, Penghua Innovation, and Dacheng Innovation experiencing the highest declines of 0.93%, 0.80%, and 0.72%, respectively. China Merchants Growth experienced the smallest decline of 0.10%. ETFs have fallen across the board. The Shanghai Stock Exchange 50 ETF fell 0.44% to 1.815 yuan; The SSE 180 ETF fell 0.48% to 5.633 yuan; The Shenzhen Stock Exchange 100 ETF fell 0.83% to 2.746 yuan; The SME board ETF fell 0.33% to 1.790 yuan; The Shanghai Stock Exchange Dividend ETF fell 1.00% to 1.987 yuan. (Shoton)
The net value of Guolian An Selected Fund increased by nearly 40% in the first trading week of the second quarter, and the Shanghai Composite Index finally reached the 2400 point mark. In the "little spring" market trend since 2009, stock funds that have followed the market rhythm naturally have abundant returns.   As of April 2, 2009, the net value of Guolian An Selected Fund has increased by 39.56% so far this year, with a cumulative net value of 2.4883 yuan after restoration. Analysts point out that volatile markets often test the stock selection ability of fund managers more. It is understood that the main investment targets of Guolian An Select Fund, which outperforms similar stock funds, are companies with value creation capabilities, mainly reflected in three aspects: operating profitability, capital cost, and growth ability. By investing in financially stable, well performing, and well managed companies, long-term stable returns can be obtained. Li Hongbo, selected fund manager of Guolian An, said that the global expansionary monetary and fiscal policies stimulate the short-term economy, and there is a weak signal of warming in the global real economy. The US real estate industry, which triggered the financial crisis, is showing signs of building a bottom. On April 2nd, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing jointly announced that the Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) for the manufacturing industry in March was 52.4, returning to the "expansion" region for the first time in six months and marking the fourth consecutive month of increase since the low point in November last year. The production index and new order index have shown significant increases and have remained above 50 for two consecutive months. The destocking of the economy is nearing its end, and the Chinese economy is slowly recovering. Furthermore, in terms of the external environment, major economies around the world have successively introduced "quantitative easing" monetary policies, which will lead to inflationary pressures in the long run.   Based on the comprehensive improvement of macroeconomic and microeconomic conditions in the second quarter, attention should be paid to cyclical industries with high economic sensitivity in industry allocation, including the real estate industry, commodities, cement, construction machinery, and securities industry benefiting from the strengthening of the stock market.
The Haifutong Leading Growth Fund is about to issue its third A-share fund, the Haifutong Leading Growth Fund, which will officially start fundraising from March 30th. The stock investment range of this fund is 65% -95%, which belongs to a high-risk and high-yield investment variety, suitable for investors with high risk tolerance and a recognition of growth oriented investment concepts. Proposed fund manager Chen Shaosheng stated that the overall investment strategy will be divided into two levels. The first level is to examine the characteristics of international and domestic economic cycles, factors such as domestic industrial restructuring, and select industries that are rapidly growing and will benefit disproportionately in the future with the increase of disposable income of Chinese residents, in order to discover leading opportunities for recovery as early as possible; The second level is to use a pricing indicator analysis system to select high-quality high growth listed companies from their financial and trading data. Chen Shaosheng stated that for China, which is transforming its economic growth model, growth oriented enterprises with low input and high return characteristics will also replace traditional industries as the main driving force for future economic growth. They will also be the investment targets that Haifutong's leading growth is most concerned about. According to data from Galaxy Securities, as of March 20th, the overall performance of equity funds under the Haifutong Group is excellent. Among them, the Haifutong Style Advantage Fund has achieved a net asset value growth rate of 27.60% this year, ranking 11th among all 168 equity funds; The Haifutong Stock Fund, managed by Chen Shaosheng, has ranked 27th this year with a net asset growth rate of 23.52%. (Li Liang)
Related parties indirectly support the large scale of the fund. Wang Yanwei Fund Company's related parties are participating in the investment of the fund in a more indirect way. The recently released 2008 annual report of the fund shows that among the affiliated holders of multiple funds, the names of securities collective wealth management, insurance fund investment accounts, and trust plans managed by the shareholders of the fund company are prominent. The most noteworthy one is the Xincheng Sanyi Bond, which was established in September last year. Its annual report disclosed that the wealth management accounts under the company's shareholders CITIC Trust and CITIC Life Insurance contributed nearly 400 million shares to its initial fundraising. These accounts include: Balanced Growth Account, Strategic Growth Account, and Dividend Account managed by CITIC Life Insurance, as well as Fund No.2 01, Fund No.4, Fund No.5, Fund No.7, Fund No.8, Shuangying No.4, Shuangying No.8, and Shuangying No.9 managed by CITIC Trust. These accounts hold a total of 346 million shares of Xincheng Sanyi bonds, accounting for 16.60% of the total shares of the fund at the end of 2008. In addition, three funds, namely Xincheng Four Seasons Red, Xincheng Essence Growth, and Xincheng Shengshi Blue Chip, are also held in different accounts managed by Xincheng Life Insurance. These accounts include Stable Allocation Account, Growth Pioneer Account, Active Growth Account, etc. And these accounts first appeared collectively on the list of fund holders in the 2008 annual report. In addition to Xincheng Fund, funds under Everbright Baode Xin have also received investment from shareholder Everbright Securities' collective wealth management plan. For example, Everbright Baode Xin Quantitative Core is held by Everbright Sunshine No.2 with 16.93 million shares, a decrease from the end of 2007; Everbright Baode Xin Currency is held by Everbright Sunshine 3 with 30 million shares, and Everbright Baode Xin's profit increase income is held by Everbright Sunshine 2 with 9.999 million shares, both of which have appeared for the first time in relevant fund annual reports. List of indirectly held funds by affiliated parties of fund companies Source: This report compiles the fund name, holder, holding shares (10000 shares), holding ratio (%), Guangda Baode Xin Quantitative Core, Guangda Sunshine No. 2, 1693.3108, 0.11 Guangda Baode Xin Currency, Guangda Sunshine No. 3, 3000, 3.69 Guangda Baode Xin Incremental Income A, Guangda Sunshine No.2, 999.9,2.3 HSBC Jinxin Dynamic Strategy, Shanxi Trust - Shanxi Trust Kangbao, 201.3407, 0.073 Xincheng Four Seasons Red, Xincheng Life Insurance Co., Ltd. - Stable Allocation Account, 1039.952, 0.16 Xincheng Four Seasons Red, Xincheng Life Insurance Co., Ltd. - Growth Pioneer Account, 5207.903, 0.82 Xincheng Elite Growth, Xincheng Life Insurance Co., Ltd. - Stable Allocation Account, 2416.4156, 0.69 Xincheng Elite Growth, Xincheng Life Insurance Co., Ltd. - Active Growth Account, 625.2204, 0.18 Xincheng Elite Growth, Xincheng Life Insurance Co., Ltd. - Growth Pioneer Account, 5458.2932,1.57 Xincheng Shengshi Blue Chip. Xincheng Life Insurance Co., Ltd. - Growth Pioneer Account, 3499.9963,6.59 Xincheng Shengshi Blue Chip, Xincheng Life Insurance Co., Ltd. - Active Growth Account, 499.9138,0.94 Xincheng Shengshi Blue Chip, Xincheng Life Insurance Co., Ltd. - Dividend Account, 999.9275,1.88 Xincheng Three Benefit Bond A, CITIC Trust Co., Ltd. - Shuangying No. 8, 5000.0375,6.42 Xincheng Three Benefit Bond A, Xincheng Life Insurance Co., Ltd. - Dividend Account, 2506.7223,3.22 Xincheng Three Benefit Bond A, CITIC Trust Co., Ltd. - Fund No. 4, 9000.1475,11.56 Xincheng Three Benefit Bond B, Xincheng Life Insurance Co., Ltd. - Balanced Growth Account, 120.3278, 0.06 Xincheng Three Benefit Bond B, CITIC Trust Co., Ltd. - Fund No. 2 014757.3739,2.28 Xincheng Three Benefit Bond B, CITIC Trust Co., Ltd. - Shuangying No. 4, 1951.5023,0.94 Xincheng Chengsan Beneficial Bond B, CITIC Trust Co., Ltd. - Fund No. 7, 2854.4244, 1.37, Chengsan Beneficial Bond B, CITIC Trust Co., Ltd. - Shuangying No. 9, 1428.5714, 0.69, Chengsan Beneficial Bond B, CITIC Trust Co., Ltd. - Fund No. 5, 1906.5777,0.92 CITIC Three Benefit Bond B, CITIC Life Insurance Co., Ltd. - Strategic Growth Account, 300.8195,0.14 CITIC Three Benefit Bond B, CITIC Trust Co., Ltd. - Fund No. 8, 4757.3739,2.28
In March, QDII institutions made huge net purchases, as reported by journalist Li Na from Shanghai. Taking advantage of the rebound in overseas markets, several QDIIs that went overseas all boarded the fast train to regain lost ground, and two QDIIs have returned to face value. According to the reporter's understanding, the sharp rise in the net value of QDII has attracted the attention of institutional funds. In recent days, many QDII have been in a state of net subscription, and institutional figures have frequently appeared among them. Meanwhile, the 2008 annual report of the fund showed that many QDII fund managers' previous pessimistic attitudes towards the future were gradually weakening. , The fact that QDII institutions have increased their attention is always unpredictable. QDII, which was previously widely forgotten by the public, has now regained recognition from individual investors and received attention from institutional investors. Recently, reporters learned from multiple fund companies that due to the significant rebound in overseas markets, institutions have also paid considerable attention to QDII, a previously criticized investment product. An insider from a fund company in Shanghai told reporters that during this period, the institution has been very concerned about the latest trends in overseas markets.   Has the over 6000 points in the early stage of the US stock market reached its bottom; Can the market now invest in QDII and similar issues. He receives several similar phone calls every day. According to the 2008 annual reports of various QDII funds, as of the end of last year, the total size of Jiashi Overseas was 26.493 billion shares, with institutional investors holding approximately 260 million shares, accounting for only 1% of the total shares; According to the 2008 annual report of Southern Global Selection, the total shares held by institutions in the fund at the end of last year were 233 million yuan, accounting for 0.92% of the total shares; Huaxia Global Selection, at the end of 2008, institutions held less than 200 million shares, accounting for only 0.75% of the total shares; During the same period, Huabao Xingye's overseas institutions held only 10.63 million shares, accounting for 5.74% of the total shares of the fund. It is not difficult to see from this series of numbers that QDII holders are mainly ordinary investors. Some institutions have already taken action against multiple fund companies that own QDII, stating that in recent times, the company's QDII has been in a net subscription state, including institutional subscription funds. Morgan Asia Pacific Advantage, which has a relatively heavy position, has maintained a net subscription status in the past month. Last Thursday, the daily subscription volume of Shangtou Asia Pacific Advantage reached over 14 million yuan, and on that day, an institution subscribed for 10 million yuan. Previously, when QDII was mentioned, institutions always shook their heads and didn't want to listen, let alone actively participate. ”A spokesperson from the marketing department of a certain fund company told reporters that things are getting better now, as institutions have taken the initiative to visit and inquire about the investment situation of QDII. An insider from a fund company pointed out that the interest of institutions in overseas markets mainly comes from the strong performance of US and Hong Kong stocks in recent weeks. When the A-share market is weak, it is appropriate to allocate QDII or one of the financial asset investment choices for institutional investors now. , The QDII helmsman has an optimistic outlook for the future, and while QDII's attention has significantly increased, QDII fund managers are no longer pessimistic about the prospects of overseas markets in the future. In the latest QDII annual report, optimism has risen. The fund manager of Bank of Communications Global Select Fund stated in the annual report that looking ahead to the next quarter, the worst of the financial crisis has passed, and the real economy will gradually bottom out in the coming time.   The annual report selected by Southern Global shows that the capital market, as a leading barometer of the real economy, will focus on judging whether the global economy will recover as scheduled in the second half of 2009. Excessive defense or excessive aggressiveness are not the best investment style choices, and efforts will be made to seize investment opportunities in advance strategic layout. Last week, the Hang Seng Index rose again to 14000 points, with the state-owned enterprise index in the Hong Kong stock market seeing a weekly increase of over 13%. Benefiting from this, QDII funds with Hong Kong stocks as their main investment targets have surged significantly. According to Wind statistics, as of last Friday, the average net value increase of 9 QDIIs last week exceeded 8%. According to data, from March 2nd to March 6th, the overall net value of QDII units decreased by 2%; From March 9th to March 13th, the overall net value of QDII units increased by over 5%; From March 16th to March 20th, the overall net asset value of QDII units increased by 6.26%. In terms of the performance of a single QDII last week, the largest increase was seen in Haitong China Overseas, with a net asset value increase of 13.6% last week and a latest unit net asset value of 1.091 yuan. Following closely behind are Jiashi Overseas China, Huaxia Global Selection, and Shangtou Asia Pacific Advantage, with net asset value increases of 8.8%, 8.5%, and 7.94% respectively during the same period, and unit net asset values of 0.454 yuan, 0.56 yuan, and 0.394 yuan, respectively. It is worth noting that in addition to Haitong China returning to face value overseas, the latest net asset value of Bank of Communications Global Selection has also exceeded 1 yuan. As of last Thursday (data not released on Friday), the fund's increase last week was 7.5%, with a unit net asset value of 1.021 yuan. Some fund analysts have pointed out that given the investment opportunities in the US market and the introduction of a large number of stimulus policies, the investment value of QDII is beginning to emerge. Investors can invest overseas through QDII funds and consider choosing QDII funds that have performed well in the rebound. Reporter Li Na
Rongtong Domestic Demand Driven Fund has added a new sales agency ⊙ Our reporter, An Zhongwen, and Huangjintao Rongtong Fund announced today that starting from March 27th, Huaxia Bank will sell the Rongtong Domestic Demand Driven Fund that is currently being issued. Seven funds, including Rongtong New Blue Chip Fund, Rongtong Shenzhen Stock Exchange 100 Fund, Rongtong Blue Chip Growth Fund, Rongtong Industry Prosperity Fund, Rongtong Power Pioneer Fund, Rongtong Easy Payment Currency Fund, and Rongtong Bond Fund, were also launched simultaneously at Huaxia Bank. The limited fee model for the funds under Rongtong sold on behalf of Huaxia Bank this time. Driven by domestic demand, Rongtong mainly invests in advantageous enterprises driven by domestic investment demand and consumer demand. With the strong launch of domestic demand with a capital of 4 trillion yuan, industries that benefit from the policy of expanding domestic demand will become an important investment theme.
On April 15th, Southern Cash Growth Fund announced on Wednesday that its subsidiary, Southern Cash Growth Fund, will centrally pay and transfer the fund's income from March 16th, 2009 to fund shares starting from April 15th, 2009. The Southern Cash Growth Fund was established on March 5, 2004. The payment date for this income and the daily average of the income transfer fund shares are April 15, 2009. The redemption start date for the income transfer fund shares is April 17, 2009. (Panoramic Network/Thunder)
Funds are fond of alternative investments, with S and ST stocks entering the fund market. Fu Jianli, a reporter from the Fund Law Eye Securities Times, is offering high conversion offers for S and ST stocks, new energy, and cyclical reversals Since 2009, with the strong rebound of the A-share market, various conceptual speculations have been in full swing, and low-priced stocks and themed concept stocks have become the "vanguard" leading the stock index to rise strongly. The fund, which has always touted value investing, enjoyed a feast of "alternative investments" in the first quarter of this year. According to the statistics of Tianxiang Investment Consulting, among the top 20 equity funds with the highest increase in unit net value this year, except for the first ranked China Post Optimal Selection and the tenth ranked China Post Growth Top 10 Heavy Holding Stocks, which are mostly blue chip stocks, almost all of the top 10 heavy holding stocks in the second ranked Golden Eagle small and medium cap market, such as Hainan Haiyao and Yiyatong, are hot stocks this year, including small and medium cap stocks, new energy, and 4 trillion yuan investment themes. Due to its inclusion of the concept of new energy, Ke Liyuan has seen a staggering 135.52% increase since the beginning of this year, far exceeding the 34.24% increase in the Shanghai Composite Index and 42.79% increase in the Shanghai and Shenzhen 300 Index during the same period. Ranked third, Xingye Social Responsibility has Jiangsu Guotai, a leading stock in the new energy concept, among its top ten holdings. In addition, Jiashi Theme's heavy holdings include Nan, Bo A, and Goldwind Technology; Stocks such as Hainan Haiyao and Goldwind Technology, which are heavily held by Century Growth, are small and medium-sized stocks or concept stocks related to new energy. On the other hand, most of the funds that have lagged behind in net asset value growth since the beginning of this year are heavily invested in blue chip stocks, except for sub funds that are cautious in their holdings. For a blue chip style fund with a net asset value growth of only 10.92%, among the top ten heavy holdings, there is the tenth heavy holdings of Lizhu Group, while the top nine heavy holdings are all weighted indicator stocks such as banks and coal. Statistics show that among the 116 S and ST stocks currently traded, a total of 7 out of the top ten circulating stocks have funds in place. Among them, the latest annual report of * ST shows that among the top ten circulating shareholders of the stock, three funds including China Merchants Stock, Xingye Trend Investment, and Guotai Jinniu Innovation have entered the market. Southern Steady Growth No.2 held 4.7892 million shares of ST Salt Lake at the end of last year, accounting for 6.23% of the total outstanding shares, becoming the largest shareholder of ST Salt Lake. Guangda Baode Xin Quantitative Core and Haifutong's revenue growth also entered the top ten circulating shareholders of * ST Shanghai Airlines at the end of last year. In addition, Huaxia Large Cap Selection became the third largest circulating shareholder of ST Zhongyuan at the end of last year with a holding of 5.8971 million shares, accounting for 2.79% of the total circulating shares. In the non stock reform concept sector, according to the latest 2008 annual report, there are three funds among the top ten circulating shareholders of individual stocks. As of the end of last year, among the top ten circulating shareholders of S Yihua, China Post Core Preferred Holdings held 12.3769 million shares, followed closely by Oriental Select, which has always been fond of S shares, holding 4.0198 million shares of S Yihua. Among the top ten circulating shareholders of S Jiatong, Dongfang Zhenxuan became the largest circulating shareholder with a holding of 12.5201 million shares. Sinopec has become the headquarters of the fund. Dongfang Zhenxuan holds 79.4224 million shares, accounting for 2.60% of the total outstanding shares. In addition, Shangtou Morgan China Advantage, Jiashi CSI 300, and Boshi Yufu have also entered the top ten circulating shareholders of Sinopec.
Economic growth will exhibit structural characteristics. □ This reporter, Yu?   Yinhua Fund believes that the global economy is undergoing a long and painful process of rebalancing. In response to the global economic recession, major countries have adopted relatively aggressive fiscal and monetary policies. In the next one or two years, economic development will exhibit obvious structural characteristics, and industries benefiting from fiscal stimulus will achieve growth rates exceeding the social average. Yinhua Fund believes that future global economic growth will exhibit clear structural characteristics.   After coping with the short-term economic downturn, countries with production centers will pay more attention to the balance between domestic investment and consumption. In the long run, the mass consumption sector will experience more stable growth; At the same time, industrial upgrading and the utilization of new energy will be hot topics of policy and market attention for a long time to come. Based on the above expectations, Yinhua Fund will position its 12 products - Yinhua Harmony Theme Fund - as the first theme based investment product in China targeting "harmony policies". The fund will focus on investing in stocks and fixed income assets that benefit from "building a harmonious society" policy related industries and have high investment value, seizing the structural investment opportunities brought by policy guidance. Lu Wenjun, Deputy Director of Investment Management Department of Yinhua Fund and Proposed Fund Manager of Yinhua Harmony Theme, stated that the national policy orientation will promote the growth of specific industries and improve their economic benefits. Leading enterprises in these industries will benefit more significantly, and investing in these enterprises will yield better returns. Therefore, Yinhua chose to issue a Harmony themed fund in such a large macroeconomic context, focusing on investing in stocks and fixed income assets that benefit from the "building a harmonious society" policy related industries and have high investment value. In the second quarter, Yinhua Harmony Theme will focus on two major industry allocation themes: one is demand improvement and inflation expectations. I am optimistic about engineering machinery that benefits from government infrastructure investment, optional consumer goods such as automobiles, real estate, and aviation that have seen a rebound in sales, as well as the home appliance sector that benefits from government policies to boost domestic demand. Secondly, under the expectation of inflation, focus on resource stocks with a safety margin, as well as pharmaceutical companies with relatively certain performance growth. At the same time, pay attention to securities firms and insurance industries directly related to the recovery of the stock market. Regarding the market trend in the second quarter that investors are generally concerned about, Lu Wenjun stated that government infrastructure projects will be widely launched in the second quarter, and there will be ample liquidity, especially new credit, which will have a significant stimulating effect on the economy. These two factors will support the macroeconomic fundamentals in the second quarter, and the downward space for the A-share market in the second quarter is limited. The market sentiment is in a stable and rising process, and the valuation of A-shares is basically reasonable. Investors generally expect the peripheral stock markets to stabilize and rebound in the second quarter. These factors will support A-shares and provide a good market environment for Yinhua Harmony Theme to build positions.
In April, there was a surge in dividends, and the three funds had the greatest potential for dividends. Researcher/Mei Cong from Dongfang Morning Post Wealth Management Weekly added seven more dividend funds this week, following the announcement of dividends from three funds under Jiashi Fund last Friday. Fuguo Fund announced that its funds Hansheng and Hanxing will distribute dividends; In addition, Hua'an Fund also stated that its Shanghai 180 Index Fund will give out "red envelopes". In addition, funds under Nanfang, Guangfa, and Penghua Funds have also announced dividend announcements. As of this Thursday, 54 funds have successively released dividend announcements since the beginning of this year. Dividend funds have once again become one of the focuses of market attention. According to the observation and analysis of multiple market insiders, the secondary new equity funds have benefited from the rebound of the A-share market since November 2008, while bond funds have benefited from the bull run of the bond market in 2008, thus achieving good returns and becoming the main force of fund dividends this year. Several fund analysts suggest that aggressive investors should pay attention to sub new stock funds with strong dividend paying ability and outstanding performance; In addition, stable investors can still allocate bond funds in the long term to share stable dividend returns. According to Wind data statistics, since 2009, a total of 50 funds have announced dividends, among which 18 equity funds have distributed dividends, accounting for one-third of the total number of announced dividend funds. It seems that with the recovery of the stock market and the stock index approaching the annual line, many equity funds have recently joined the dividend queue. However, in terms of the types of dividend funds, unlike the previous focus on bond funds, some well performing equity funds have also eagerly issued dividend announcements recently, especially some new equity funds that are actively distributing dividends. Analysts say that with the rebound and recovery of the stock index since the beginning of this year, the increase in dividend funds is a normal phenomenon. In addition, he suggested paying attention to the dividend paying sub new funds with good performance since the beginning of this year. According to analysis by Guojin Securities, "the second new fund has become the main dividend payout force for equity funds". According to Wind's statistical data, in the recent small wave of fund dividends, the emergence of sub new equity funds has been frequent. Among the 18 dividend oriented equity funds, 10 are sub new funds established in the second half of 2008. Several securities and fund analysts have summarized and analyzed this, stating that in 2008, due to the severe market downturn, fund performance was also affected, leading to a sharp decline in the dividend payout ability of stock funds. From the perspective of the timing of establishing positions, half of the new funds that received dividends this time were established in the fourth quarter of last year. Coupled with their respective appropriate operational strategies, this batch of new funds fully enjoyed the benefits brought by the market rebound. Therefore, not only did they outperform the old funds in terms of dividend quantity, but they also performed well in terms of dividend amount. Tracing back to November last year, the market showed signs of recovery, and the performance of the newly established fund in the second half of 2008 was outstanding. From the perspective of a single dividend paying sub new fund, New Century Preferred Growth is the best performing one among the dividend paying sub new funds. Since the beginning of this year, the fund has achieved a high return rate of 41.11%, with the Golden Eagle dividend value and Yinhua's leading strategy also leading the way with returns of around 34%. In addition, according to Wind's statistical data, the Da Cheng strategy returns of the newly established equity funds in the second half of last year, with a dividend amount of 1.5 yuan per 10 fund shares, are the highest dividend funds among equity funds. Regarding the investment strategy of equity funds currently participating in dividends, Guojin Securities believes that "from the perspective of the market in the second quarter, the market may continue to maintain a volatile pattern in the short term. For choosing equity funds, it is recommended to focus on funds with outstanding stock selection ability and dividend style under a stable strategy." Bond funds become the "big shot" in dividend distribution and "dominant" in dividend distribution. "This is a summary comment by a securities analyst in Shanghai on the recent hot topic of fund dividends. Since the beginning of this year, the fund dividend market has been led by bond funds. According to Wind data, the number of bond fund dividends in April is expected to continue to rise. Since the beginning of this year, 27 bond funds have announced dividends, and dividend bond funds clearly account for half of the total number of dividend funds, becoming the "big dividend holders". Market insiders point out that although the bond market has been sluggish since the beginning of this year, returns have been more average compared to the bull market in 2008. As of April 6th, the yield of bond funds was only 0.14%, but due to the substantial returns achieved by bond funds last year, they have become the dominant fund product for fund dividends this year. According to the observation of fund researchers in the Wealth Management Weekly, the dividend amount of bond funds has not been much since the beginning of this year, with most bond funds distributing dividends of less than 0.5 yuan per 10 shares. However, relatively speaking, Rongtong Bond and E Fund have higher dividend amounts for enhanced returns, with dividends of 0.1 yuan and 0.06 yuan per share, respectively. As for the investment strategy of dividend bond funds, Haomai Fund Research Center believes that conservative investors can pay attention to the active convertible bond investment of ICBC Credit Suisse Credit Suisse and the enhanced returns of Huafu in pure bond funds for the investment strategy of April bond funds. In addition, stable investors may also pay attention to the outstanding stock investment ability of Galaxy UnionPay in dividend bond funds, which are biased towards bond funds. However, some industry experts have also expressed that the concentrated dividends of bond funds in the recent stage have been interpreted as a symbol of fund companies' comprehensive withdrawal from the bond market. For the next stage of the trend, the bond market currently has low yields, and bond prices have been overdrawn to a certain extent. The possibility of the bond market continuing to rise sharply is small, but long-term investors can still make prudent allocations. This week, in addition to the announcement of dividends by Hanxing and Hansheng funds under Fuguo Fund, two funds under Penghua Fund also announced their dividend plans on Thursday. Earlier, Yuyang Fund and Jin'anshun Fund had already released dividend announcements, bringing the total number of dividend sealed funds to six. According to previous statistics from the Haomai Fund Research Center, there are also three closed-end funds, including Fund Tongyi, that have the potential for dividends. However, market participants believe that based on the situation in 2009, the possibility of closed-end funds reproducing the previous situation of comprehensive dividends is very small. In fact, the market has long had expectations for the dividend distribution ability of closed-end funds. Considering that a few closed-end funds with dividend potential may have triggered short-term trading opportunities due to dividend expectations during the market rally in the first quarter, the market performance of closed-end funds may have been relatively quiet since April 2009. And the fact also confirms that the recent market performance of several dividend sealed funds that have been announced has been fluctuating. Wang Danni from China Merchants Securities pointed out that "the dividend market for closed-end funds is limited." She believes that although there are still a small number of closed-end funds with the possibility of dividends, the discount rate after dividend ex rights for closed-end funds with dividend potential is basically equivalent to the discount rate of closed-end funds without dividends during the same period. The current price has basically reflected their dividend expectations, and the independent dividend market space is limited. She suggested investors to take profits in a timely manner in the short term and beware of price drops after the distribution plan announcement. Haomai Fund also believes that dividend expectations are overdrawn and recommends avoiding the concept of dividend lock up in the short term. Exclusive Article Statement for Wealth Management Week [Exclusive Article Statement] For works (text, images, charts) that indicate the source of "Wealth Management Week", please indicate the source when reprinted by various media: www.zaobao18.com, Wealth Management Week. News Hotline: 62471234-68566, Email: dfmoney@wxjt.com.cn Brand hotline: 62891790. Exclusive Weekly Financial Statement
On the 21st, Zhou Xiaoyong, a major investor in mechanical finance stocks, announced that the Huaxia Industry Select Stock Fund and Huaxia Blue Chip Core Hybrid Fund had high investments in manufacturing and finance insurance industries, accounting for 27.79% and 20.87% of their positions, respectively, in the first quarter of 2009. Similar to the Huaxia industry, Huaxia Blue Chip also has a higher investment in the mechanical, equipment, and instrument sub industries of manufacturing, as well as the financial and insurance industries, accounting for 26.74% and 21.33% respectively.   Among the top ten stock allocations, Huaxia Blue Chip also reallocated financial stocks such as Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, China Merchants Bank, and Minsheng Bank. Huaxia Industry pointed out in the report that although they are optimistic about the long-term development trend of the Chinese economy, it is still too early to rely on various rescue policies to reverse the economic downturn in the short term in the face of the substantial negative impact of the large-scale global financial crisis on the economy. Therefore, compared to the investment enthusiasm in the stock market in the first quarter, the investment strategy in the second quarter will be relatively cautious, and the stock position will be reduced. Huaxia Blue Chip analyzed in its report that it significantly increased its portfolio's stock holdings in the first quarter. While continuing to hold consumer stocks with long-term investment potential, it increased its holdings in "early cycle" industries such as finance, real estate, automobiles, and machinery that benefited from economic recovery. In the second and third quarters, the market is expected to continue to remain strong, but structural opportunities will outweigh overall opportunities.
Since March, there has been a strong rebound in the net subscription of some QDII stocks. According to journalist Chen Ke from Shanghai, QDII yields have rebounded significantly since March. According to the latest product operation report of Puyi Wealth, from March 13 to March 20, 2009, more than 90% of the 337 QDII wealth management products in operation achieved an increase in returns, among which 61 QDII wealth management products had a weekly increase of over 4%, and some banks' QDII products linked to crude oil index and yellow gold had a weekly increase of over 10%. As a result, some funds and bank QDII products have experienced net subscriptions since March.   It is worth noting that the product types that have seen a significant rebound in QDII recently have all benefited from investment managers successfully seizing short-term market opportunities, such as products with heavy holdings in resource stocks. The rise in commodity prices is mainly due to the recent drastic changes in exchange rates, and it is difficult to determine how long it will last. Yesterday, Yuan Zengting, Deputy Director of the Structural Finance Research Office at the Institute of Finance of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, told the Daily Economic News that the signal of economic reversal in Europe and America is not very clear, and perhaps this adjustment period will last for 3 to 5 years. It cannot be ruled out that the recent rebound of QDII is a short-term market speculation factor. ”For the bank QDII that is still in deep floating losses, the temporary rebound is obviously unable to make up for the "loss account" owed in the past two years. Out of the 337 products currently in operation, only 12 have achieved positive returns, while 133 have incurred losses exceeding 50%, accounting for nearly 46%. What is even more tricky for banks is that in the second half of 2009, there will be a peak in the maturity of QDII wealth management products, of which products with an investment period of 2 years account for nearly 80%. Yesterday, the vice president of a private bank of a Chinese bank told the Daily Economic News that, except for some QDII linked to stocks and exchange rates that will be terminated according to the agreement, QDII in the form of a single overseas fund will continue to be held or redeemed without being affected by the term, and customers can freely choose.
Institutional holdings exceeding 30% in open-ended equity funds: 55 funds. According to the 2008 annual report, among 284 open-ended equity funds, 55 of them had institutional investors holding more than 30%, accounting for 19.37%. Among them, as many as 30 were established last year. There are 24 funds with institutional ownership ratios exceeding 50%, among which Hua'an Core, Huitianfu Blue Chip, Changsheng Innovation, and E Fund Technology have the highest institutional ownership ratios, reaching 73.95%, 73.43%, 72.00%, and 70.98% respectively. These funds were established last year, while E Fund Technology was transformed from the fund Technology with a high institutional ownership ratio. Jiashi Growth's institutional holdings reached 69.29% at the end of last year, making it the most popular among old funds among institutions. Old fund institutions such as Desheng Anxin, Xingye Global, and Huaxia Select also hold over 50% of the shares.
In 2008, QDII funds suffered severe losses, but recently the profit-making effect of QDII funds has begun to emerge, and the net value of two QDII funds has returned to above face value. As of April 2nd, the net asset value of Hai Futong China Overseas Fund units was 1.116 yuan, an increase of 11.6% from the face value of 1 yuan, and the Bank of Communications Schroder Global Select Fund was 1.047 yuan, an increase of 4.7% from the face value of 1 yuan.   During the same period, the average net value of domestic A-share stock funds increased by 13.87%. Among them, Taixin High Quality Life Fund, which had the highest net value growth rate, saw a net value increase of 21.24%, while the average net value of hybrid funds increased by 12.11%. The net value of Fuguo Tianrui Strong Region Select Fund, which had the highest net value growth rate, increased by 17.86%.   In this market context, we will still adhere to a cautious and flexible investment strategy, focusing on industries and companies that benefit from global economic stabilization, China's macroeconomic stimulus policies, and domestic demand. In terms of investor allocation of QDII funds, the Haomai Fund Research Center believes that from a long-term allocation perspective, investors can appropriately allocate some QDII funds to share overseas market returns and diversify single risks in the mainland market.
6 Fund Surges: China Post's 13.04% Ambush in Real Estate, Everbright's Focus on Colored Wealth Management Weekly Reporter, Dai Xing/Wen On April 1st, the first quarter rankings of 164 stock funds were quite dramatic on this April Fool's Day. Those funds that disappointed investors in 2008 launched a beautiful "counterattack", running from the bottom of the 2008 performance to the leading position in the first quarter. The most impressive one among them is undoubtedly the China Post Core Selection, with a net asset growth rate of 45.53%. China Post: 90% high position, ambush real estate gains 55%. In 2008, China Post's funds ranked last. This year, China Post has finally regained its pride. China Post's core selection has won the championship, and its core growth ranks fifth. Its first quarter earnings were 45.53% and 37.15%, respectively, rising 121 and 116 places respectively compared to the end of 2008. China Post Fund achieved such good results in the first quarter thanks to China Post's high position strategy at the end of 2008 and its key allocation to the real estate sector, "said Ren Tong, a researcher at Anxin Securities, to reporters from Wealth Management Weekly. According to the 2008 annual report of China Post Core Preferred, at the end of the fourth quarter of 2008, the stock position of China Post Core Preferred was 90.42%. In addition to the high position winning a complete victory in the rebound after the year, the early ambush on real estate stocks also contributed to the revival of China Post. China Post Core Preferred had a real estate industry position of 13.04% at the end of last year. According to data from Wande, the real estate sector saw a staggering 55.18% increase in the first quarter, ranking second among all industries in terms of growth. According to the 2008 annual report of China Post Optimal Selection, out of the 30 stocks with an allocation ratio exceeding 1% of net assets, 8 are real estate stocks. Moreover, these 8 real estate stocks were not disclosed in the fourth quarter report and were just revealed as hidden heavy holdings in the annual report, including Jindi Group, Shangshi Development, Panhai Construction, Zhonghua Enterprise, Huafa Shares, China Merchants Real Estate, Zhongshan Public Utilities, and COFCO Real Estate. In addition, in mid March, when interviewed by a reporter from the Wealth Management Weekly, a person from China Post Fund told the reporter that China Post had increased its holdings in the real estate sector in the first quarter. The core preferred fund manager of China Post stated that based on the current market characteristics, the overall stock position of the fund will remain at around 80%. Industries with significant policy benefits and industries with confirmed performance growth, such as railways, building materials, telecommunications, pharmaceuticals, agriculture, real estate, and automobiles, will be the focus of allocation in 2009; At the same time, actively allocate cyclical industries such as steel, non-ferrous metals, and finance when the economy is turning around. Everbright Baode Trust: Seizing non-ferrous metals and machinery, which were also "disastrous" in 2008, Everbright Baode Trust Fund underwent a major transformation in the first quarter of 2009. Among the four equity funds under its umbrella, three have risen more than 90 places in ranking, all of which are among the top ten with the fastest growth. These three funds are: Everbright Prudential Quantitative Core, Everbright Prudential New Growth, and Everbright Prudential Dividend, which have risen in ranking by 111, 96, and 90 places respectively. Xu Chunmao, Investment Director of Everbright Prudential Fund, told the reporter of Wealth Management Weekly: "At the end of 2008, we judged that below 1800 points was the lowest level of valuation in history, and the safety of valuation can be trusted. Therefore, we maintained a high position operation." The 2008 annual report showed that Everbright Prudential Fund maintained a high position, with stock positions of 88.99%, 82.07%, and 84.46% in the three funds, respectively. In addition to the valuation level, Xu Chunmao stated, "Due to the shift in monetary policy, market liquidity will be relatively abundant. As the government continues to launch stimulus plans to stimulate the economy, such as the 4 trillion yuan investment plan and the revitalization plan for the top ten industries, we believe that the market may exhibit a structural market driven by ample liquidity, and there will be more opportunities for themed investments." Based on the above judgment, Everbright Prudential Fund increased its allocation to the financial insurance, infrastructure, and resource industries stimulated by ample liquidity in the first quarter, continuing the judgment made at the end of 2008. According to data from Wande Information, non-ferrous metals and mechanical equipment were also among the top sectors in terms of growth in the first quarter, with gains of 47.83% and 52.5%, respectively. For the market in the second quarter, Xu Chunmao believes that "the market will experience fluctuations caused by the combination of recovery expectations and profit difficulties. The valuation level of the market is no longer as cheap as it was at the end of 2008, and there is currently no sign of improvement in corporate profits under the background of overcapacity. Therefore, the market may continue to maintain a certain strength under the stimulation of ample liquidity and theme investment opportunities, but the intensification of fluctuations may be difficult to avoid." Haifutong: Holding a large amount of cash and transferring "4 trillion" beneficiaries, the industry also suffered losses from the high position Haifutong Fund in 2008. In the first quarter of 2009, the ranking of its two stock funds Haifutong Stock and Haifutong Style Advantage ranked up 98 and 96 respectively. Regarding the failure of performance in 2008, the stock fund manager of Haifutong stated that the company focused on allocating financial, cyclical, and upstream resource assets in 2008, and maintained a high position even during the sharp decline of the market. Although the "4 trillion yuan policy" increased the allocation of machinery, building materials, power equipment, and financial stocks, resulting in a significant rebound in net asset value from the bottom, it ultimately had no choice but to lose too much ground in the early stage and the situation had passed. At the end of the fourth quarter of 2008, the position of Haifutong Stock Fund was 75.91%, with a cash position of 24.03%. The position of Haifutong Style Advantage Fund was 76.73%, with a cash position of 22.81%. Both funds did not hold bonds. Finance and insurance, machinery and equipment, wholesale and retail, and mining industries are the main sectors for allocation. Chen Hong, Investment Director of Haifutong Fund, stated in an interview with Wealth Management Weekly that the cyclical industries benefiting from the '4 trillion yuan policy' have gained market attention with significant excess returns. At the beginning of the year, cyclical assets rotated, and since then, credit expansion, venture capital, regional economic stimulus, and government revitalization plans have all performed excellently. Guangfa, Guolian An, and China Europe: Focusing on the 4 trillion yuan Guangfa Small Cap Fund, Guolian An Selected Fund, and China Europe New Trend Fund, their rankings also rose significantly in the first quarter of 2009, rising 111th, 108th, and 81st places respectively. At the end of the fourth quarter of 2008, these three funds all seized the machinery and equipment sectors that were benefiting from the economic stimulus plan. Guolian Andesheng Selected has allocated nearly one-third of its stock positions to mechanical equipment; The financial insurance and mechanical equipment sectors account for nearly 30% of the positions of the China Europe New Trend Fund. For the investment strategy of 2009, the selected fund manager of Guolian Andesheng believes that in the highly uncertain market of 2009, while making good stock choices, more attention should be paid to timing.
Bank of Communications Schroder signed the first domestic QDII special account contract. Xinhua News Agency, Shanghai, April 7th (Reporter Sang Tong) - Bank of Communications Schroder Fund announced on April 6th that the company has recently officially signed the first domestic QDII special account contract. The person in charge of the special account business of Bank of Communications Schroder stated that due to the significant decline in overseas markets since its establishment on August 22, 2008, the company's QDII public fund, Bank of Communications Global, has only fallen by 1.4% as of March 31, showing stable performance. Customers have recognized the company's overseas investment capabilities, so the design of QDII special account wealth management products and the signing of contracts have been completed quickly. He also stated that after completing the signing of the QDII special account contract, the company also needs to fulfill the procedures of reporting to the China Securities Regulatory Commission and applying for foreign exchange quotas. Only after these procedures are completed can the investment operation officially begin. On March 10, 2009, the Fund Department of the China Securities Regulatory Commission issued a reply to some fund companies regarding issues related to fund management companies conducting overseas asset management business for specific clients, clarifying the relaxation of QDII special account business for fund companies. It is reported that currently, four fund companies including Bank of Communications Schroder Fund, Huabao Xingye Fund, and Southern Fund have the qualifications to carry out QDII special account wealth management business. These funds can use previously approved but unused foreign exchange quotas to carry out special account overseas asset management business. Shanghai, April 7th (Xinhua) - Bank of Communications Schroder Fund announced on April 6th that the company has recently officially signed the first QDII special account contract in China. The person in charge of the special account business of Bank of Communications Schroder stated that due to the significant decline in overseas markets since its establishment on August 22, 2008, the company's QDII public fund, Bank of Communications Global, has only fallen by 1.4% as of March 31, showing stable performance. Customers have recognized the company's overseas investment capabilities, so the design of QDII special account wealth management products and the signing of contracts have been completed quickly. He also stated that after completing the signing of the QDII special account contract, the company also needs to fulfill the procedures of reporting to the China Securities Regulatory Commission and applying for foreign exchange quotas. Only after these procedures are completed can the investment operation officially begin. On March 10, 2009, the Fund Department of the China Securities Regulatory Commission issued a reply to some fund companies regarding issues related to fund management companies conducting overseas asset management business for specific clients, clarifying the relaxation of QDII special account business for fund companies. It is reported that currently, four fund companies including Bank of Communications Schroder Fund, Huabao Xingye Fund, and Southern Fund have the qualifications to carry out QDII special account wealth management business. These funds can use previously approved but unused foreign exchange quotas to carry out special account overseas asset management business.
Closed end fund dividends were dismal in 2008. During the intensive period of fund annual report disclosure, accompanied by speculation in the secondary market, closed-end fund dividends will become the focus of attention. However, due to the bearish market trend last year, the dividend payout for the 2008 fund closure was quite dismal. As of March 30th, only three closed-end funds, Anxin Fund, Puhui Fund, and Yuyang Fund, have announced their dividend plans, and a few funds that may distribute dividends have not yet released their annual reports. The vast majority of closed-end funds are unable to distribute dividends due to not meeting the dividend conditions. Most fund managers believe that the market was better in 2009 than in 2008 and have expressed their intention to actively seize structural opportunities. In fact, the market has long had expectations for the dividend distribution ability of the majority of the closed-end funds that have not met the dividend conditions. Previously, some professionals analyzed that although the net value of closed-end funds continued to decline in 2008, there is currently no possibility of a significant dividend payout. However, based on financial data from the first to fourth quarters, there are still ten funds with positive annual realized returns as of the end of the fourth quarter. Among them, six funds, namely Yuyang Fund, Hansheng Fund, Anxin Fund, Hanxing Fund, Tongqian Fund, and Jinghong Fund, are more likely to theoretically receive annual dividends. Article 35 of the "Measures for the Operation and Management of Securities Investment Funds" in China stipulates that "the distribution of income of closed-end funds shall not be less than once a year, and the annual distribution ratio of income of closed-end funds shall not be less than 90% of the realized income of the fund in the year." The conditions for dividends of closed-end funds are: the distributable income is greater than zero; The realized income was greater than zero that year; The current year's income of the fund can only be distributed after making up for the previous year's loss; Dividends shall not be less than 90% of the annual realized income; The distribution of income shall be made in cash and shall be distributed at least once a year. In addition, the regulation that 'net asset value cannot be lower than face value' applies to open-end funds, and there is no such regulation for closed-end funds. From the published annual reports, most funds do not meet the allocation criteria due to losses incurred in the current year. The dividend fund market has performed well. Currently, funds Yuyang, Puhui, and Anxin have released dividend plans. From the performance of the secondary market, most of these funds have performed strongly, better than other closed-end funds without dividend expectations. According to the annual report of Yuyang Fund, the distributable income at the end of the reporting period was 443175990.11 yuan, and the proposed final dividend for 2008 was 420000000.00 yuan. For every 10 fund shares, a distributable income of 2.10 yuan can be obtained, and the annual total income distribution ratio is 94.77%; As of the end of this reporting period, the realized income of Fund Puhui was 99362373.52 yuan. According to the provisions of the Securities Investment Fund Law of the People's Republic of China and other laws and regulations, as well as the provisions of the Universal Securities Investment Fund Fund Contract, the distribution ratio of the fund's annual income should not be less than 90% of the realized income, which is 89426136.17 yuan; Fund Anxin distributed a cash dividend of 2.60 yuan per 10 fund shares to all holders, totaling 520000000.00 yuan, with a dividend ratio exceeding 95%. In terms of future market performance, most fund managers indicate that there are far more market opportunities in 2009 than in 2008, and their strategies will be more proactive accordingly. Fund Anxin stated in its annual report that 2009 will be a year of adjustment for the Chinese economy, which contains vitality. After experiencing this crisis, China's economic growth structure will undergo changes, and the status of some industries will be greatly improved. Some companies will grow into new leaders through survival of the fittest in the crisis, and companies benefiting from the economic stimulus plan will see a significant improvement in performance, which will bring new vitality to the securities market. Fund Tongqian stated that there were still many uncertain factors in 2009, and the investment visibility in 2009 was much lower than before. This requires us to not only use the "high beam" in 2009 investment, but also repeatedly focus on the "low beam", constantly pay attention to changes in the external situation, and at least analyze the domestic and international economic and financial situation on a monthly basis. In this repeated analysis, we should seek investment opportunities instead of holding a fixed viewpoint.
47.4264 billion: Report on Fund Industry Issuance in the First Quarter 21st Century Business Herald Reporter, Cao Yuan "water" knows the answer to your emotions, while "new funds" know the answer to the market. On April 3rd, Penghua Fund revealed to reporters after preliminary statistics that its Penghua CSI 300 Fund had raised nearly 2 billion yuan in total funds. ——This is the last newly raised fund of the first quarter. So far, the total fundraising scale of all 22 funds established in the first quarter has reached 47.4264 billion yuan, with no missing statistical data. The first quarter was a globally leading quarter for A-shares and another peak quarter for new fund issuances. In fact, the fund issuance in the first quarter not only provided liquidity to the market, but many details of the changes reflect the operating conditions of the market. The seesaw between bond funds and stock funds, of course, the most obvious change in the first quarter of new funds is the expansion of fundraising scale, but with the Spring Festival as the time point, it reflects the psychological changes of investors from uncertainty to certainty. If our fund is issued after the New Year, the scale will definitely be better, "said a person from the marketing department of a fund company in Shanghai. The company completed the fundraising before the end of the year. If we observe the fund raising situation in the first quarter, the funds established in January have not been separated from the situation in 2008. On the contrary, it is a continuation: stock funds are sluggish, while capital guaranteed funds are popular. The largest fund established in January is the only principal guaranteed fund - the Bank of Communications Schroder Principal Guaranteed Fund. The fund was officially raised and established on January 15th, with a subscription of up to 4.9564 billion shares. And what is the allocation ratio of the fund's main assets: principal guaranteed assets such as bonds and money market instruments account for 60% of the fund's assets? 100%, with stocks, warrants, and other income assets accounting for 0% of the fund's assets? 40%. However, stock funds established during the same period were not so lucky and generally fluctuated in single digits. For example, the Great Wall Dual Power Fund was officially established on January 19th, raising 485.8 million yuan; Shangtou Morgan Small and Medium Cap Fund was established on January 16th, raising 826.1 million yuan. But there were significant changes in the investment market in January. The Shanghai index rose 9.33% in the month, while the treasury bond bond index fell 0.5%. A source from a certain fund company revealed that banks were the first to sell bonds, and funds followed suit by exchanging chips for stocks, causing bond prices to fall while stock prices rose. After the Spring Festival, the "seesaw" effect seemed to be recognized by many investors overnight, and the appearance of new fund issuances gradually changed. The fundraising amounts of two bond funds, Huashang Income Enhancement Fund and Huabao Xingye Income Enhancement Fund, established in mid February, have decreased to 1.245 billion yuan and 2.258 billion yuan, respectively. At the same time, Nord Enhanced Returns and Everbright Prudential Balanced Selection, two equity funds established at the end of February, have surpassed the 1 billion yuan mark in fundraising scale. In March, investors completely shifted their chips to equity funds. The fundraising scale of stock funds has reached a new high in nearly half a year. Firstly, in early March, ICBC Shanghai and Shenzhen 300 raised 3.6064 billion yuan, and on March 20th, E Fund, a leading enterprise in the industry, set a new high with a fundraising of 4.0918 billion yuan. However, bond funds established in mid to early March showed a decline in performance, with the establishment scale of Jin Yuan compared to Lianfengli and Guotai Shuangli bonds being less than 2 billion yuan. Seven bond funds raised a total of 12.776 billion yuan in the quarter, with an average establishment size of only 1.825 billion yuan, far lower than last year's average initial public offering of 2.938 billion yuan for bond funds. It is worth noting that since March 20th, funds have entered the most intensive establishment stage, successively establishing five funds including Southern CSI 300, Penghua CSI 300, Minsheng Jiayin Blue Chip Flexible Allocation, E Fund Leading Enterprise, Bank of China Industry Preferred Flexible Allocation, and Industrial Organic Growth Flexible Allocation, with an average of one fund per two days. Moreover, they are all equity funds with an average fundraising amount of 2.47 billion yuan. The marketing effect with the same schedule and good channels indicates that investors' confidence has been restored and their views on the securities market have shifted from uncertainty to certainty. Of particular concern is that out of the 22 funds established in the first quarter, 13 were equity funds, raising a total of 25.851 billion yuan, setting a new record for the quarterly initial public offerings of equity funds since last year. This indicates that the "blood making" function of equity funds is gradually recovering after suffering a major blow last year. These funds will establish positions within 3-6 months to export liquidity to the market. The Penghua CSI 300, which ended its fundraising on March 27th, is the last fund established in the first quarter. Although the fundraising amount is not the highest, it exhibits another characteristic of new fund issuances: retail investors. The fund has raised nearly 2 billion yuan in shares, with over 37500 effective subscribers and an average subscription of 53000 yuan per household. This is a long lost characteristic of retail investors. Starting from April last year, due to a sharp decline in fundraising for new funds, institutions became the main force for subscription. The Dongwu Industry Rotating Equity Fund, established in April last year, had an initial public offering size of 3.173 billion yuan, with 25180 effective subscribers and an average subscription amount of 126000 yuan per household. The Jiashi Research Selected Fund, announced on May 28 last year, raised a total of 1.81 billion yuan in its initial public offering. The number of effective subscribers was 13950, with an average subscription amount of nearly 130000 yuan per household. This situation has become increasingly severe, and by the end of the year, many equity funds had an average subscription amount of over 200000 yuan per account. At the end of 2007, the situation of retail investors in Chinese funds reached an all-time high, with individuals holding 90% of fund shares. However, by the end of 2008, it had slightly fallen to around 86%. The subscription amount of Great Wall Dual Power, established in January this year, was 485.8 million yuan, but only 2298 households participated effectively, with an average of 211400 yuan per household. According to the statistics for the whole year of 2008, the average number of equity fund holders was 20000, and an average subscription volume exceeding 10 times was clearly abnormal. After the quarterly report was disclosed, the fig leaf was lifted and the supporting institutions withdrew, resulting in a significant reduction in fund shares. The good thing is that as the market situation in the first quarter unfolded, funds launched a "de institutionalization" movement. This de institutionalization movement is the result of the interaction between two aspects. On the one hand, due to market cooperation, retail investors have once again launched a movement to move bank money to fund companies. On the other hand, the fund company intends to do so. According to market insiders from a fund company in Shenzhen, when the company issued a new fund in March, it did not do institutional work like last year, but rather worked as an ordinary investor. He jokingly said, "Finding institutions was originally a matter of gaining face, but the media often loses face by making articles about it." In the first quarter, a clear roadmap for retail investors can be seen. After Great Wall Power, the average subscription amount of Huitianfu Value Selection account established in January was 126000 yuan; In February, the average subscription amount for funds such as Nord Enhanced Returns and Noah Growth decreased to around 80000 yuan per account; In early March, Baoying's core advantage of flexible allocation was further reduced to 70000 yuan, and more than ten days later, the Southern Shanghai and Shenzhen 300 was reduced to 60000 yuan, and finally the Penghua Shanghai and Shenzhen 300 was reduced to the level of 50000 yuan. Bond funds also exhibit institutionalized characteristics. Last year, the structure of fixed income funds was evident, with a prominent example being the initial public offering of Penghua Harvest Bond Fund, which ended on May 21, 2008. The total number of effective subscribers was 6276, with an average subscription amount of approximately 334600 yuan per household. The Huafu Yield Enhanced Bond, which was announced on the same day, raised a net subscription amount of 757 million yuan, with 2747 effective subscribers and an average subscription amount of approximately 275500 yuan per household. By the end of 2008, the institutionalization ratio of fixed income funds was significantly higher than that of equity funds, exceeding 40%. The average subscription amount of bond funds established in the first quarter was around 100000 yuan, and the average subscription amount of gold yuan was even reduced to 42500 yuan compared to that of Lianfengli. This indicates that the risk appetite of institutions has also shown characteristics of retail investors. It is worth noting that money market funds were widely subscribed by institutions in the first quarter. The only money market fund issued that quarter, Guotou UBS Money Market, raised 3.833 billion yuan, with an average subscription amount of nearly 460000 yuan per account. The head of the fixed income department of a joint venture fund company in Shenzhen introduced that the loose credit in the first quarter has caused many institutions to have abundant cash, so money market funds are being sought after. It is reported that not only new funds, but also many previously established money market funds have experienced significant net subscriptions. Channel: ICBC and CCB expand their leading advantage. In the first quarter of this year, the issuance of new funds continued to be monopolized by the two leading banks, ICBC and CCB. Both banks have managed 9 out of 22 funds, totaling 18 funds. Bank of China has custody of two, while Agricultural Bank of China and Industrial Bank have custody of one each. The custodian bank is often the main channel for issuance. At the end of 2006, the four major banks of ICBC, ICBC, ABC, and ICBC respectively managed 73, 54, 48, and 45 public funds, with a maximum difference of less than 30 funds, and the difference was not so significant. Especially between China Construction Bank, Agricultural Bank of China, and Bank of China, there are less than 10 differences and they are in the same tier. However, two years later, the gap significantly widened. As of the end of 2008, ICBC and CCB currently managed 113 and 100 funds respectively, accounting for 60% of the market. China Construction Bank alone has 33 and 37 more than Bank of China and Agricultural Bank of China, respectively, and is already in two different tiers. In the first quarter of 2009, the monopoly of the construction and engineering industries became increasingly strong. Occupying over 80% of the market share. Why do fund companies like to flock to ICBC and CCB? The head of the marketing department of a fund company in Shenzhen stated that the company chose ICBC as its custodian bank in the hope of achieving a win-win situation with strong players. The biggest advantage of the two banks is their customer base. According to public data, in January of this year, ICBC's customer deposits reached 5 trillion yuan, becoming the first financial institution in China with a deposit balance exceeding 5 trillion yuan; The personal deposit balance of China Construction Bank has also reached 3 trillion yuan. The national savings balance of residents is 22 trillion yuan. In 2008, the fund sales of ICBC and CCB as custodian banks were better than other banks. The proportion of mini funds sold below 300 million yuan is also lower than other banks. Therefore, the channel war in the first quarter was exceptionally fierce. The tactic of fund companies is to give interest to banks. In 2008, when fund sales were poor, fund companies often gave banks many benefits in order to obtain their support. Mainly from three aspects, the first is to fully pay the subscription fee to the bank, the second is to share the management fee, and the third is the initial offering incentive and trailing commission. According to industry insiders, the latter two incentives vary for different banks depending on the company. Generally speaking, large fund companies have stronger bargaining power and lower management fees and incentive bonuses allocated to banks, while small companies have the opposite. On average, taking stock funds as an example, fund companies will give banks a 40-50% share of management fees; The initial offering incentive accounts for approximately 0.3% of the raised funds. In 2008, there were rumors that some fund companies offered initial offering incentives of 1-2% of the sales amount of bank funds. Although the market rebounded in the first quarter of this year, the aforementioned "unwritten rules" have not changed. The reason is the intensive issuance of funds and the clustering of a few banks, which results in the banks still holding a high position of discourse power and the bargaining power of fund companies declining.
Since the strong return of new fund issuance this year, A-shares have continued to rebound, and yesterday the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock indexes hit a new high in rebound. With the gradual recovery of investor confidence, not only has the net value of stock funds significantly rebounded, but new fund issuances have also begun to return to a hot state. Driven by the "money making effect", new funds entered a peak period of fundraising in March, with a total of 15 new funds established, setting a new historical high. The total amount of new fund fundraising in the first quarter of this year also reached 45.426 billion yuan. According to Tianxiang data, a total of 22 new funds were launched in the first quarter of this year, with a total fundraising scale of 45.426 billion yuan and an average single fund establishment scale of 2.065 billion yuan. Compared with last year, it has shown a recovery growth trend. Among them, 15 new funds were announced to be established in March alone, setting a new high for the number of new funds established in a single month in the fund industry. Last year, due to the continuous decline in the stock market, the issuance scale of new funds was once in trouble, and the initial public offering scale repeatedly hit new lows. It is worth mentioning that among the 22 funds established in the first quarter, 13 funds were equity funds, with a total fundraising amount of 23.851 billion yuan. As an intermediary force in the secondary market, the gradual recovery of the "blood making" function of equity funds demonstrates the active market sentiment and plays an indispensable role in the sustained recovery of the two stock indexes. According to statistics, out of the 13 equity funds established in the first quarter, 10 had initial public offerings exceeding 1 billion yuan. The largest initial public offerings were made by E Fund, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Credit Suisse Shanghai and Shenzhen 300, and Jiashi Quantitative Alpha. These three funds raised 4.091 billion yuan, 3.606 billion yuan, and 2.961 billion yuan, respectively. Minsheng Blue Chip Fund, the first fund of Minsheng Jiayin Fund Company, raised 2.718 billion yuan, ranking fourth. The issuance of some other funds has returned to normal levels. In fact, the follow-up strength of the fund is still very sufficient. According to statistics, there are currently 12 new funds under development. It is expected that after the record high number of new funds established in March, there will still be a peak in the issuance and establishment of new funds in April. Based on the average issuance scale of the first quarter, the new fund is expected to raise around 30 billion yuan in April. Two types of funds have performed the best. While new fund issuances are booming, equity funds saw a 23.46% increase in net asset value in the first quarter, sweeping away the shadow of last year's continuous decline. In the ranking of open-ended equity funds (excluding index funds) in the first quarter, China Post Core Selection ranked first with a 45.5% increase, followed closely by New Century Selection Growth and Golden Eagle Small and Medium Cap Selection, with increases of 39.4% and 39.2% respectively during the same period. Analysts point out that funds that maintain high positions have benefited greatly as the Shanghai Composite Index has risen by 30% since the beginning of the year. The champion of the first quarter, China Post Core Selection, is a typical representative. High position funds such as China Post Core Growth and Everbright Quantitative Core Selection have also seen an increase of over 35% this year. In addition, index funds that passively track indices have also performed well. Data shows that over 20 index funds have seen a 31.5% increase since the beginning of this year, surpassing the performance of the Shanghai Composite Index during the same period. In addition to high position funds, in the past quarter, among the newly established equity funds in 2008, the average net asset value increased by 23.12% in the first quarter of this year, with a total of 8 funds increasing by more than 30%. Galaxy Securities analysts said that the new fund has the advantage of being small and easy to turn around. With low point intervention and no restrictions on old positions, it is reasonable for the new fund to have such outstanding performance. Among the equity funds established in 2008, some new funds have returned to a net asset value of over 90 cents. Our reporter Tang Weijie
Dreyfus was deeply influenced by Graham and accounting teacher Abraham Brilov. Brilov once described in detail the accounting tricks that accountants can use to distort the true business situation of listed companies. Dreyfus likes those listed companies that have simple accounting, lack attention, are inconspicuous, and ordinary. These companies like to simply put daily expenses in the income statement instead of capitalizing, which makes their balance sheets extremely healthy. The fund does not hold any financial stocks and maintains a considerable amount of cash. Yaton Group is a typical stock held by Dreyfus. The company has 18 high-end supermarkets in Southern California with total assets of $177 million, of which $90 million is cash and short-term investments, while total liabilities are only $54 million. In the past decade, the company's shareholder return on equity has exceeded 15%, and over 60% of its shares are owned by insiders. Dreyfus lost 19.6% in 2008, better than the S&P 500 index, which fell 37%. In the past 10 years, his total return has been 102%, far better than the index that lost 29%. Guanying Global Equity Fund is the global equity fund of Avillard, which can buy stocks and bonds, hold cash, and also hold gold to hedge against market downturns. At present, his stock position is about 78%. Avillard holds some financial stocks, but most of them are Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway. He doesn't buy those obscure small cap stocks like Dreyfus, but he also focuses on the balance sheet. He and his predecessor Wilkes have avoided large investment banks and commercial banks in the past few years because their balance sheets are too complex and suspicious. Recently, Avillard has started to pay attention to the Japanese market because despite the 20 years of troubles in the Japanese economy and heavy reliance on American consumption, the current debt levels of Japanese listed companies are generally low, and their balance sheets are very healthy. The fund's loss in 2008 was 21%, better than the 40% decline in the MSCI Global Index. In the past decade up to February 2009, the total return of the fund was 185%, far better than the S&P 500 index, which had fallen by 29%.
The ChiNext board has opened its doors, and funds are targeting opportunities on the ChiNext board. This week, Chen Zhongbo, a reporter from the Morning Post, announced the "Interim Measures for the Administration of Initial Public Offerings and Listing on the ChiNext Board" by the China Securities Regulatory Commission, which will come into effect on May 1st. The fund industry generally believes that, in combination with the current active response of the Chinese government to the global financial crisis and the important measures taken by finance to promote economic development, the launch of the ChiNext will objectively and effectively alleviate the current problem of financing difficulties for small and medium-sized enterprises. Venture capital stocks are favored. With the opening of the ChiNext board, venture capital concept stocks have become the hottest sector in the market this week. Venture capital concept stocks such as CCID Media and China Software continued to hit the daily limit up, while related stocks such as Yantai Wanhua, Zijiang Enterprises, and Zhangjiang High tech also saw significant gains. Although most venture capital stocks are only focused on conceptual speculation, there are still some high-quality venture capital stocks that have been unanimously favored by funds. According to Zhangjiang High tech's annual report, funds such as China Post Core Growth, Huaxia Growth, Huaxia Blue Chip Core, and Hua'an Hongli are among the top ten shareholders of the stock. It is worth noting that these funds have also ranked relatively high in performance this year. Another venture capital stock, Yantai Wanhua, also gathers many funds. According to the annual report, funds such as Boshi Value, Huaan Hongli, and Yinhua Core all hold heavy positions in this stock. It can be seen that for the opening of the ChiNext board, funds are also gearing up. Of course, for fund companies, the linkage between the ChiNext market and the Main Board market is more attractive as it benefits affiliated companies on the Main Board. For the main board market, the launch of the ChiNext board will add more fresh blood. Many companies listed on the main board have reached a relatively stable growth stage with abundant cash flow, which may flow to venture capital companies related to the ChiNext board and participate in the development process of emerging industry leaders that may be listed on the ChiNext board in various ways. This will increase new profit growth points and achieve optimal allocation of market resources? Tell the reporter. Therefore, we will maintain a high level of attention to companies that may be listed on the ChiNext board, as well as main board companies and fields that are closely related to the ChiNext board? Emphasize. This includes science and technology, medicine, cutting-edge chemical industry, Internet industry, etc. The challenge of the ChiNext to institutional investors is not only to continuously supplement and improve research fields, but also to be more flexible in research ideas and methods, requiring stronger foresight and higher imagination. In addition, many fund companies believe that the launch of the ChiNext board is also conducive to the transformation of the country's industrial structure. Currently, the peak period of IPOs for large enterprises has passed, and the market's demand for diversified investment and financing is more urgent. The launch of the ChiNext board is beneficial for the capital market to capture new hotspots and promote the better development of a group of enterprises with future economic growth points. In addition to investment opportunities, the launch of the ChiNext board may also bring pressure to the capital market, which has attracted attention from all walks of life. Jianxin Fund believes that the ChiNext board will bring certain expansion pressure to the market, which will cause a diversion of some funds, although this pressure is not significant at present; From the perspective of future development, ensuring the liquidity of the ChiNext market will be a crucial issue in maintaining its vitality. Xincheng Fund stated that in the short term, the ChiNext market may have some capital diversion to the SME board market, but in the medium to long term, it will attract more funds to invest in the capital market. The capital market will become more active and attractive with the addition of the ChiNext board, while main board companies may regain their attractiveness by participating in investments in ChiNext companies. The two sectors complement and promote each other. Of course, in the current situation where funds are relatively abundant, it cannot be ruled out that companies listed on the ChiNext board may face high priced listings, which may result in adjustments and hidden risks.
Starting from today, the 2008 annual report of the fund will be disclosed, and this year's investment strategy can be more proactive?   In the annual report, fund managers generally believe that risks and opportunities coexist in the stock market in 2009, and strategic choices can be more proactive than in 2008. Wang Yawei, the manager of Huaxia Large Cap Selected Fund, stated that digesting excess production capacity is much more difficult than digesting inventory, and it is unrealistic to expect structural adjustment to be completed in the short term. Shao Jian, the growth fund manager of Jiashi Wealth Management, believes that this year's A-share market may be a year of consolidation, gradually nurturing investment opportunities for the future. On the one hand, investors may see more challenging macro data and corporate profits, and on the other hand, they may see macroeconomic and corporate profits gradually stabilizing and liquidity improving in the middle and later stages, resulting in a more volatile market throughout the year. Shang Zhimin, the fund manager of Anshun Fund, predicts that 2009 will be a year of economic adjustment in China, with vitality hidden within the adjustments. After experiencing this crisis, China's economic growth structure will undergo changes, and the status of some industries will be significantly improved. Some companies will grow into new leaders through survival of the fittest in the crisis, and the performance of companies benefiting from the economic stimulus plan will be greatly improved. All of these will bring new vitality to the securities market, making the market opportunities in 2009 far greater than in 2008. Based on the disclosed annual reports, it can be found that industries such as railway construction and power equipment, which benefit from economic stimulus plans and government led investment projects, are favored by fund managers in the new energy sector, such as new energy vehicles and wind power.
Huabao Xingye Fund announced on April 21st that its three funds, including Huabao Xingye and Baokang Consumer Products, will collectively distribute income. Among them, Huabao Xingye Baokang Consumer Goods Fund plans to distribute a dividend of 0.50 yuan to holders for every 10 fund shares. Huabao Xingye Baokang Flexible Allocation Fund plans to distribute a dividend of 0.50 yuan to holders for every 10 fund shares. Huabao Xingye Baokang Bond Fund plans to distribute a dividend of 0.30 yuan to holders for every 10 fund shares. The equity registration date and ex dividend date for the three funds mentioned above are April 22nd, and the dividend distribution date is April 23rd. (Panoramic Network/Chen Danrong)
Closed end funds: Partial expansion of dividend market. Last week, the market performance of closed-end funds was slightly stronger than that of the underlying market due to dividends. The increase in closed-end funds in the Shanghai stock market was slightly higher than that in the Shenzhen stock market, also due to dividends. That is, there are more funds with dividend potential in the Shanghai stock market than in the Shenzhen stock market. From the perspective of specific funds, the funds whose market prices have reached a new high this year are mainly those with high dividend potential, such as Anxin, Hansheng, Yuyang, Jinghong, etc. Last weekend, the average implied rate of return indicator for the stock market's closed-end funds was 34.24%. This type of indicator basically blocks the space for independent market development in the secondary market of closed-end funds, unless it has unique and significant positive factors of its own. Jianxin's advantageous driving force is worth paying attention to. According to the terms of the fund contract, the condition for the early closure and opening of the fund is: "After the fund contract has been in effect for one year, the discount rate of the fund has exceeded 15% for 60 consecutive trading days." The effective date of the fund contract is March 19, 2008, which has exceeded one year and has been discounted for 7 consecutive trading days. If this continues, the fund will hit the red line of early closure and opening in mid June. If its discount rate can remain above 15%, it can be considered to make a moderate move by June.
